The term fake news isnt just annoying, its a danger to democracy
Coretta Scott King's 1986 statement and testimony on Jeff Sessions' U.S. District Court nomination in Alabama
Kalos opioid overdose drug went from $690 to $4,500and senators want answers
The Next Big Blue-Collar Job Is Coding
How an unassuming bureaucrat outsmarted Jamie Oliver and pulled off an honest-to-god miracle in one of America's unhealthiest cities.
Pugs are anatomical disasters. Vets must speak out  even if its bad for business
The Lesson of Nordstrom: Do Business With the Trumps or Else - by former chief White House ethics lawyer
What Does Free Speech Require?
The Preacher and the Sheriff: A young, shackled black man is shot to death  and the police say he killed himself. The resulting investigation has pitted the victims father against the most powerful man in New Iberia, La.
Fake news, hacked mail, alternative facts  thats old hat for climate scientists
What Scientific Term or Concept Ought To Be More Widely Known? : Russell Conjugation
Naomi Klein explains why climate deniers deny: Accepting and addressing climate change will curtail the free market and right wing policies.
Who's Still Fighting Climate Change? The U.S. Military
Are We on the Verge of Another Civil War?
I ran Into US Serial Killer Israel Keyes in Nimbin Australia in 2009, the bag of marijuana I bought from him at cost had a stone in it to make up the weight - I met British Serial Killer Dennis Andrew Nilsen in Brisbane in 1973, the dude he was with a local lad who had done time was never seen again
The Long, Slow Trek To Get Americans To Eat Camel Meat
Homeland Security Secretary floats plan to ask US visitors for social media passwords
Feeling Pressure All the Time on Europes Treadmill of Temporary Work
How to stop an autocracy
600 Miles in a Coffin-Shaped Bus, Campaigning Against Death Itself - Zoltan Istvan ran for president with a modest goal in mind: human immortality.
Can Our Political Institutions Handle Our Political Divisions?
Meet the Woman Who Helps Humanize Murderers
Why a hate crime survivor tried to save the life of his would-be killer
Here's the "gig economy": Uber drivers who sleep in their cars
The psychology of evil | Philip Zimbardo
Solving the mystery of the Druze  a 2,000-year-old odyssey
The macho, violent culture of Italian fascism was prophetic  Jay Griffiths | Aeon Essays
Why the Lefts Next Best Step Is a Basic Income
What really happened when Swedes tried six-hour days?
Black, Latino Two-Parent Families Have Half The Wealth Of White Single Parents
Before the Wall: Life Along the U.S.-Mexico Border
The Big Reason Whites Are Richer Than Blacks in America
Arctic 2.0: What happens after all the ice goes?
There are over 320 million people in America. But only 158 families - less than 0.0001% of the population - have paid half of presidential campaign spending. How much power do they have ? They are worth several billion dollars. Here are their names
The Politically Correct Presidency of Donald Trump
The Darkest Town In America
How corporate dark money is taking power on both sides of the Atlantic
A rash of invisible, fileless malware is infecting banks around the globe
Hillary Clinton's video is unbelievably patronising. The best thing women can do is ditch gender politics | The Independent
The Comforts of the Betsy DeVos War
Backing Into World War III - America must check the assertive, rising powers of Russia and China before its too late.
Serial Killers Should Fear This Algorithm
Face-Blind: Why are some of us terrible at recognizing faces? By Oliver Sacks
The U.S. military's stats on deadly airstrikes are wrong. Thousands have gone unreported
Radical Islam's Political Agenda: Liberal Naivety and Denial Endangering Europe and The U.S.
I Helped Create the Milo Trolling Playbook. You Should Stop Playing Right Into It.
2017 Murrows Entry - News Series: Gerrymandering in New Hampshire
Income share for the bottom 50% of Americans is collapsing, new Piketty research finds
Oklahoma Lawmakers File Bills To Repeal Criminal Justice Reforms
A British blogger crowdfunded his way to the Inauguration of Trump. A thoughtful reflection on the weekend and the people he met.
Not Everyone in Tech Cheers Visa Program for Foreign Workers
Maneuvering a new reality for US journalism
Why Do We Keep Using the Word Caucasian?
Iran's Leader Ayatollah Khamenei Thanks Trump for Showing the True Face of America
The Strategic Suicide of Aligning With Russia in Syria
XPost tttt0ttt @ White Rights: We are being threatened from above and below, above we've got rich Jews who are intent on socially engineering the white race out of existence - Below the blacks and other non white races are being used as tools by the Jews to carry forward their plan of white genocide
The head of Trumps business council doesnt serve american workers. Stephen Schwarzman is owner and CEO of Blackstone, the largest private equity firm in the world. A remarkably brilliant and brutal man, he made $799 million dollars in 2015 and is worth over $11 billion dollars
A US-trained scientist was deported, then became the 'father of Chinese rocketry'
This Is the New Face of American Unemployment
NYT Articles on the Terror Attacks the White House Says Weren't Covered
Fueled by Bribes, Somalias Election Seen as Milestone of Corruption
The Second Avenue Subway Is Here! The dbut of New Yorks newest train line took place at noon on New Years Dayninety-seven years after it was first conceived
Trump's America: Democracy at the Tipping Point - SPIEGEL ONLINE - International
Politics are a mess, let's hand it over to software  that's the idea of a re-districting bill
Foreign Aid: How to Make Sure Taxpayers Get Results Rather Than Rhetoric
"President Trump loves to set the days narrative at dawn, but the deeper story of his White House is best told at night."
The Electoral Fix We Really Need
Trump says terror attacks 'under-reported': Is that true?
How to Beat Trump: Some advice from the right to the left, on how to effectively oppose the current president
"The big lesson of Trump's first 2 weeks: resistance works"
Using Stealth, and Drones, to Document a Fading Hong Kong
The U.S. Government Turned Away Thousands of Jewish Refugees during WWII, Fearing That They Were Nazi Spies
The best and worst countries in the world when it comes to air pollution and electricity use (INDIA is everywhere)
Mathematical issues in electoral districting
The West Isnt Ready for a Revolution
Rule by brute force: The true nature of Government.
Dear Reader: Youre An Idiot
Whats been happening in politics.
This American woman has given birth to 2 children while being held hostage in Afghanistan. Why are they still there?
Democracy Wins One as a Federal Court Strikes a Big Blow Against Gerrymandering
Nonviolent Struggle, 50 Crucial Points; a Strategic Approach to Everyday Tactics from the Center for Applied NonViolent Action and Strategies
The CIA's New Deputy Director Ran a Black Site for Torture
Liberalism and Legitimacy
Fake news for liberals: misinformation starts to lean left under Trump | Media
Mathematics: The only true universal language
The Revolution That Didn't Happen (on the failure of new age mysticism and its physics)
Slate.com Beats the "White Extremists" Drum in the Context of the Hoax 2012 Sikh Temple Shooting, and the False Flag 1995 Oklahoma City Bombing - Spurning evidence the OKC Bomb was a nuke, that Timothy McVeigh executed for his alleged role in the affair was a patsy .. twenty one False Flag shootings
How to be an American: Syrian refugees find a home in Trump country
Trump ignorant of current immigation vetting - No country in the world today has a more exhaustive review of refugee backgrounds.
For every dollar California pays in federal taxes, it gets ten cents back in spending. Meanwhile, failed states such as Utah take in 5 dollars for every buck they pay. This system is unfair, unsustainable, and a travesty to national progress and unity.
The giant shoulders of English - The advantages of having a scholarly lingua franca should not obscure the disadvantages
AI and the Ghost in the Machine: Why Artificial Intelligence Doesn't Feel Intelligent
For Trump, 'We Have a Lot of Killers' Isn't a Criticism
Trump sets Democratic field ablaze with anger
Save the Environmental Protection Agency! Save our world for our future selves and our children!
Green tea compound may halt molecular cause of often-fatal condition
Is America enriching the world at its own expense? Thats globaloney.
US government takes animal-welfare data offline - The US Department of Agriculture will no longer make lab inspection results and violations publicly available, citing privacy concerns.
US military studied how to influence Twitter and Reddit users in Darpa-funded research
During World War II, the U.S. Saw Italian-Americans as a Threat to Homeland Security
The FBI Has Quietly Investigated White Supremacist Infiltration of Law Enforcement
House Rejects AntiSemitism Bill: In the face of Jewish guilt for the 911 attacks antiSemitism becomes a moral imperative - Jews from the Mossad cell holed out in Brisbane Au. were hoppin' about in glee filming as the WTC Towers turned to dust, I want to hop about when they die in the gas chamber
The state of residential solar power
Why we need to redefine the cure for cancer
Trucker316 Gets Covered in White Dust Resembling Asbestos Coming From Work on a Nearby Roof - Exposure to asbestos causes mesothelioma that takes up to 50 yrs to manifest - In the old days T316 would contact the union which would ensure relevant safety protocols were in place before work went ahead
Video: My Pen is My Sword - David Icke says the US Constitution does not allow "Executive Orders," whereas "the President shall take care the laws be faithfully executed - Icke quotes EO's in place that abolish private ownership &amp; institute forced labor should Congress declare a State of Emergency
Everything you never want to know about bellybutton lint
The FBI Is Building A National Watchlist That Gives Companies Real Time Updates on Employees
The psychology of why Americans are more scared of terrorism than guns, though guns are 3,210 times likelier to kill them
A Dilemma From History: Stark Inequality or Total War
Despite indoctrination, a college degree may still be the best path out of poverty
David Frum, ex Bush speech writer says Americans are underestimating the dystopian future possible under Trump
Hate speech is free speech
What Steve Bannon really wants
The Trump Administration Will Be Great for Telecom Giants (and Terrible for Internet Users)
Nebraska farmers, ranchers wary of Trump ending NAFTA, which has quadrupled U.S. AG exports
Don't Politicize the Failed Yemen Raid
The Pain of a Donald Trump Presidency: "America first" has been the order of the day for the past two weeks since Donald Trump became the new U.S. president and divided his country. What do we know about his inner circle? And what role does Steve Bannon, his chief ideologist, play?
Study Shows More Reasons Why Belly Fat is Dangerous for the Heart
TheGuardian.com Cries Tears of Blood Over "Stalins Great Terror of 1937 &amp; 1938" - Not mentioning Jew Lazar Kaganovich was the real master of the Kremlin during the Stalin era, or that the Communist / Bolshevik movement was devised and executed by Jewish master minds all the way to Marx &amp; Trotsky
Chinese factory replaces 90% of human workers with robots. Production rises by 250%.
The Affiliate marketing Base
"This Is Not a Dialogue : Not Just Free Speech, but Freedom Itself"
This Is Your Brain on Kafka
An immigrant penned a beautiful open letter to her country of residence about why she's leaving.
What we knowand dont knowabout the declining labor force participation rate
The Great American Bubble Machine - Rolling Stone's 2010 Article on Goldman Sachs
CNN.com Beats Scott Kelly's Drum - He says he spent 340 days in Earth orbit aboard the International Space Station, a claim that has been widely repudiated
A drug company hiked the price of a lifesaving opioid overdose antidote by 500 percent
Use of Ad-Blocking Software Rises by 30% Worldwide
Afghan Family Flies Into U.S Airport With No Security Issue, TOLOnews reports
The disempowered left now faces its own kinds of hoaxes and fables.
Will This Man Take Down Donald Trump?
First Shipment by Self Driving Truck - October 20, 2016 the SDT went from Fort Collins thru Denver to Colorado Springs with a cargo of beer, there was no driver in the front seat for the entire 120 miles trip
The Intercept releases 200 classified FBI documents. These include internal rules on informants, the use of mass surveillance, investigations on white supremacy in law enforcement, demands for online data, racial profiling for the targeting of terrorists, and the spying of journalists.
Censored @ R/Environment - "Scientists Marvel at Arctic Warmth!"
House votes to repeal rule restricting gun sales to the severely mentally ill
A healthy work limit is 39 hours per week, study shows
Progressive Cities vs. Conservative States
The Biggest Protest in Romania Since 1989 - During that unrest, which led to the murder of President Nicolae Ceausescu and his wife Elena and the installation of a Zionist approved Government on Christmas Day that year - Thousands of flags with the center part removed appeared all over the country
The Purpose of Sleep? To Forget, Scientists Say
Chronology: the Liberals on electoral reform
How Steve Bannons bible explains Trumps first 2 weeks as president
Getting Away With It: "Trump, Cosby, OReilly: How predators, harassers, and abusers maintain their power and get victims to keep their mouths shut" (warning: detailed description of alleged sexual assault, also Roger Ailes's genitals)
Copper is key in burning fat
Refugees are already vigorously vetted. I know because I vetted them.
It's Not Your Speech, Milo: Understanding the UC Berkeley Protests
Single-member representation does not reflect our democratic values
China Gains on the U.S. in the Artificial Intelligence Arms Race
How U.S. Drug Policy Looks to the Rest of the World
How a hackneyed romantic ideal is used to stigmatise polyamory
America Needs to Get Over its Reverence for the Bachelor's Degree
Angela Merkel is now the leader of the free world, not Donald Trump.
Prof Screams at the NYPD Because They Didnt Beat Up Nazi Gavin McInnes
Universal child care, a basic income, and 4 other radical policies that almost became law
My dad predicted Trump in 1985 - it's not Orwell, he warned, it's Brave New World
Despite public response to social media addiction, LEGO further indoctrinates the youth with a platform for those too young for IG, FB
Randazza: Support Trump's Pledge to Let Churches Engage in Politics
How Psychologists Determine Whether Someone Is Faking Insanity
Republican redistricting is taking a beating in the courts, right now
The sharing economy as it relates to trust, efficiency and privacy. What if we broadened feedback and ratings?
At Home With the Couple That Launched the Doomsday Bunker Industry -- Today, refurbished missile silos are selling for millions of dollars to buyers preparing for societal collapse. Ed and Dianna Ricke-Peden started the trend  but believe their structures can do more than simply provide shelter.
Reddit considers Ebola as an African country and that is really strange!
This Whistleblower Faced Death Threats for Exposing the Atrocities Committed on American Show Horses
The Coming War on China
Our Schumpeter columnist pens a dark farewell: In 1942 Joseph Schumpeter warned that capitalism might not survive. A surge of populism means it is once more in danger
Why the voting age should be lowered to 16
Trumps Grand Strategic Train Wreck
The Russian Buddhists v the billionaire
Where will Neil Gorsuch fall on financial issues?
How an editor allegedly used Vice Canada to recruit drug mules for a global smuggling ring
The Statue of Liberty was modeled after an Arab woman
Scaling startup culture
Holland: A woman doctor needed the family of a patient who "fought desperately in an attempt not to be killed," to hold her down while she carried out a euthanasia procedure - The Dutch Royal Family and the upper echelons of Dutch society are alleged to be involved in Satanism &amp; child sacrifice
If there's anything more remarkable than the fact that five states are debating "Right to Repair" bills that make it legal for you to fix your own property, it's that these bills are needed in the first place.
Arctic Warmth Instills "Disbelief" Among the Scientific Community - The alleged disbelievers are nuthin' but paid bullsh*tters who know full well Weather Warfare incorporating HAARP, Chemtrails and VLF/ELF Radio Transmitters is at the heart of the phenomenon
California Madness: Hypocritical Coastal Elites Soak Middle Class
Kamala Khan Who Defaced a Portrait of Donald Trump Achieves American Superhero Status - If she were a real Moslem she would "cast truth at falsehood" as per the edict in the Koran - Hitler was a Jew the H'caust was an inside job, Jews &amp; American traitors perped the 911 attacks, abortion is genocide
Trump filed for reelection in 2020 on Jan. 20th 2017. This means that he, acting as candidate instead of president, can receive large sums of money from citizens as "donations" and nonprofits such as the ACLU and Planned Parenthood can not "campaign" against him without risk losing nonprofit status
The Depp Conundrum: Who Should Keep Tabs on the Money?
Republicans move to sell off 3.3m acres of national land
Sure, call Trump a Nazi. Just make sure you know what youre talking about. [written by Mike Godwin]
The Debate Over Drug Use in Mountaineering
My Parents Mixed Messages on the Holocaust
The Data That Turned the World Upside Down
When Harlem Unemployment Pays for Midtown Luxury
Fast food packaging contains potentially harmful chemicals that can leach into food. Researchers tested more than 400 samples from 27 fast food chains throughout the country.
Layoffs Taboo, Japan Workers Are Sent to the Boredom Room
What is the secret to Tokyos affordable housing?
The Immigration Ban is a Headfake, and Were Falling For It, by Jake Fuentes
Why Trumps Wall is not racist, the Muslim ban is, and why the difference matters
Bill Maher: Liberals, We Lost Because We're Offended All The Time And We Act Like Emasculated Husbands
This could be the first observational evidence that our early Universe was once a hologram Wha??
The self-righteous backlash to Trump's immigration ban could play into his hands
Whatever happened to the public intellectual? Philosophy used to be a staple of television and the newspapers. Not any longer. So where did all the philosophers go?
Public Employees: Dont Quit. Get Fired.
The Real Holocaust of WW2, the Genocide of 15+ Million Germans - The ghastly truth of the Jew orchestrated plundering, mass rape, mass murder, and subjugation of the German people in the latter days and aftermath of World War Two .. which continues to this day
Who supplies the news? On misreporting in Syria and Iraq
Pants For the Cost of A Postage Stamp, A Conversation with Jacob Yazejian, Used Clothing Exporter
Op-ed: A scientists march on Washington is a bad idea.
Fear, American Style
Steve Bannon Is Making Sure Theres No White House Paper Trail, Says Intel Source
Suspect in Quebec Mosque Attack Quickly Depicted as a Moroccan Muslim. Hes a White Nationalist.
John Arnold Made a Fortune at Enron. Now He's Declared War on Bad Science
We Must Break Out of the Social Media Echo Chamber
Bag-like sea creature was humans oldest known ancestor
This news breaks to supporters of all people who supports by knowing the hard truth
Trumps Immigration Order Could Affect Thousands Of College Students.
Obama's Secret to Surviving the White House Years: Books
SSC reviews Eichmann In Jerusalem
Utah would adopt a system of runoff elections under new proposal
The Youth Group That Launched a Movement at Standing Rock. In the fight over the Dakota Access Pipeline, Native American activists achieved one of the most galvanizing environmental victories  and it all began with a group of teenagers.
How Donald Trump Could Build an Autocracy in the U.S
It took 3 years for George W. Bush to hit 50% disapproval. Trump is there after 8 days.
During the 1980s and 1990s, gangs of teenagers in Sydney, Australia hunted gay men for sport, sometimes forcing them to jump off cliffs to their deaths.
They Thought They Were Free
The warrior monks who invented banking
President Obama directed the CIA to assassinate an American citizen despite the fact that he was never charged - let alone convicted of - any crime. He executed civilian families and his 16 year old son. President Trump just killed his 8 year old sister in another strike.
How populism taps into the human desire for punishment - a psychologist explains
3 Ways to Get Rid of President Trump Before 2020
Donald Trump's Muslim Ban is despicable, heartless...&amp; very popular with Americans.
Letter to a Trump Supporter
How to Build an Autocracy
The forgotten way African Americans stayed safe in a racist America
The Chinese man trapped in India for half a century
Donald Trumps cut in federal funding for arts and humanities education is an attack on reason itself
Every week I tell somebody that their disability has a psychological cause. When they ask me how I have come to that conclusion, all I can provide is a list of test results. When a person is paralyzed or blind, it is not difficult to see why they find that a very unsatisfactory explanation
Why the West is blind to Russian propaganda
The last 24 hours. Trial Balloon for a Coup?
Trumps Immigration Ban Is Already Harming U.S. Science. Even in Iran, you have this picture of America as a dreamland. But for people like me, this isnt the America we imagined.
The Crimes of SEAL Team 6 [long form]
Trial Balloon for a Coup?
PJ Watson Says Obama Did This Obama Did That - Not mentioning Obama who allegedly murdered his white grandmother and two of his homosexual paramours prior to becoming President, was being blackmailed by another of his alleged paramours Mossad spy and current Mayor of Chicago his ex COS Rahm Emanuel
Trump's first week is a clarifying moment in history. His actions show is consolidating power and he intends to lead by executive order rather than legislative compromise.
Is Donald Trump Just a Pawn in Steve Bannons Game? Trump is a blunt instrument for us, Bannon told Vanity Fair last summer. I dont know whether he really gets it or not.
Bannon gets a permanent seat on the National Security Council, while the director of national intelligence and chairman of the joint chiefs are told they'll be invited occasionally.
Katie Pavlich: Dems' tiresome tantrums
Stopping Fake News and Media Bias, According to Russian Americans
2017 Begins with Ranked Choice Voting Legislation in Nine States
The secret trade in baby chimps.
The Big (Ag) Cover-Up: Will Factory Farming Finally Stop Its Culture of Abuse?
How the Internet got Donald Trump elected
Department of Homeland Security will perform global country-by-country review of visa policies within the next 30 days. Countries will have 60 days to comply with new requirements.
The Fate of a Leg of a Statue of Saddam Hussein - "Kai Kobold, a German antiques dealer, recently sold what he believes to be the left leg of a statue of Saddam Hussein famously toppled by U.S. troops in April, 2003."
Climate change has caused a reproductive justice crisis, activists say, as its projected impacts lead some to question how they could have a baby with such an uncertain future.
Trump is receiving payments from foreign governments, violating part of the US Constitution
A Tale of Two Moralities: Regional Inequality and Moral Polarization
Who was the abandoned man with no memory? - BBC News
Sorry Donald Duck, I will be missing you.
Uber did nothing wrong, but that couldnt stop the liberal outrage of #deleteUber
The Most Widely Read Magazine in the World
Cropdusting in Texas, Has a Super Cool Air Tractor AT-602 With a P&amp;W PT6A-60AG Turbine Engine - The dude loading the hopper sans PPE is exposed to chemicals known to increase rates of brain cancer, autism, infertility, miscarriage, Parkinson's &amp; Alzheimers Diseases, psychosis &amp; multiple sclerosis
Psychology Professor Dan P. McAdams: "try to understand who the president is. And when you learn that there isnt much behind the mask except for these narcissistic goals and authoritarian values, thats important to learn, and it helps you predict what kind of president he is going to be."
What the Bible says about welcoming refugees
This American Carnage
Trumps Muslim Ban Is Culmination of War on Terror Mentality but Still Uniquely Shameful
Trump's new FCC pick poses threat to net neutrality
Trucker Video: Steelyard Blues, Near Miss @ 14:14
The ACLU just won temporary relief blocking parts of Trumps Immigration ban
The Muscovian Candidate? An indepth look at the relationship between Trump and Russia
El Chapo and the Secret History of the Heroin Crisis
Anne Frank and her family were also denied entry as refugees to the U.S.
Trumps Immigration Ban Excludes Countries With Business Ties
The Presidents House Is Empty
Rights groups provide jihad with free services
Late Nite Truck Wash, Ohio - 4:46 Dude in front should be wearing a Hi V vest
Yeah Go Ahead and Blame Obama &amp; Donald Trump - They are patsies for drone strikes and extra judicial killings just like Bush &amp; Cheney are 911 patsies - The Zionists who run US politics put corrupt Gentiles into nominally powerful positions so they have scapegoats on hand to blame for Jew wickedness
What Democracy? Muslim Ban Predates Trump - He Only Made It Public
Allies in Combat, Now Unwanted: Iraqi and Afghan interpreters who helped U.S. troops were eligible for special visas. But an order signed by President Trump has put them in limbo.
Why Russia is about to decriminalise wife-beating
The Much Lauded Fred Korematsu @ NPR.org - He avoided the truth, the Japanese never bombed Pearl Harbor Dec. 7, 1941 it was a replay of the 1898 USS Maine incident that precipitated war between the US and Spain, whereby the US obtained dominion over the Philippines, Hawaii, Cuba, Guam &amp; Puerto Rico
A Perspective on American Fascism
Trumps Real Trade Problem Is Money
A message to my doomed colleagues in the American media
Quebec Mosque Attack - False Flag Inside Job Conspiracy!
Protests and outrage surrounding Trump's Immigration order are effecting how the government is implementing the ban
Malevolence Tempered by Incompetence: Trumps Horrifying Executive Order on Refugees and Visas
The Data That Turned the World Upside Down
Our election system is broken.
How this feminist found herself sympathising with the men's rights movement
The Battle for Late Night Television
Chicago Police Department Goes High-Tech to Fight Rise in Killings
White House Inc Connects Callers to Trump Businesses While White House Comment Line Is Closed
Love and Black Lives, in Pictures Found on a Brooklyn Street
Death in the clouds: The problem with Everests 200+ bodies. They lie frozen in time, thousands of metres above sea level. The grim death toll on Everest is becoming impossible to ignore.
Presidents Before Trump Have Meddled With The EPA  It Didnt Go Well
This Is What It's Like to Come to the United States as a Refugee
The Science Is In: Greater Equality Makes Societies Healthier
In Venezuela, we couldnt stop Chvez. Dont make the same mistakes we did
Watching the Donald show is fun, but look out for the real action offscreen - Niall Ferguson
5-Year Lobbying Ban for Administration Officials
Peter Thiel is one of the richest capitalist on earth. He is worth billions of dollars. He campaigned for Donald Trump and gave him money. He helped Trump become President. But just in case things go wrong in America, he became a New Zealand citizen, got a foreign passport, and built a bunker there
Five Reasons Congress Should Repeal Trumps Immigrant &amp; Refugee Ban
"Placing visa restrictions on certain Muslim majority countries seems to have caused a greater moral outrage than bombing them"
Make America Bohemian Again
Spoiling the 'Spoiler' Effect and Making Elections Better with Ranked Choice Voting. (New Reason ...
Every true Californian should take a moment to look at this.
'You Can't Live in a Museum': The Battle for Greenland's Uranium
Understanding demonetisation: Why theres a war on cash (and you are in the middle of it)
A Better Approach to Violent Crime
In Venezuela, we couldnt stop Chvez. Dont make the same mistakes we did.
The Disastrous Consequences of Trumps New Immigration Rules
Whenever there is an authoritarian coup, people insist that it cant persist because the results are going to be so bad for the people who believe in it. This is never the way it works. There is no political cost for Trump in being contemptuous of truth and reason. This is how he achieved power.
Senator Elizabeth Warren accused JP Morgan CEO Jamie Dimon of engaging in illegal activities. His response ? He leaned back, slowly smiled, and then replied So hit me with a fine. We can afford it"
A deeper look into how PETA functions and the messaging behind their protests. Erika Adams spoke with Christopher Merrow about veganism, animal rights vs anti-cruelty, and how everyday citizens view the organization.
Bre-X: The real story and scandal that inspired the movie Gold
Living in Dangerous Times
If Youre Going to Deport Mexicans, Why Not the Irish?
Reality: Humanity can't indefinitely avoid using nuclear weapons
A Yazidi Refugee, Stranded at the Airport by Trump
Did A Former National Parks Employee Violate The CFAA By Tweeting About Climate Change?
White House Advisor Steven Bannon : We have a brutal form of capitalism creating wealth for very few people. Workers are used and treated like commodities. We need change. "I'm a Leninist. Lenin wanted to destroy the state and thats my goal too. I want to bring everything crashing down"
Flashman Says "My Great Grandparents Were Denied Asylum in Australia &amp; Were Murdered in Auschwitz" - The Jew terrorists who were hoppin' about in glee filming as the WTC Twin Towers came down on 911 have had "asylum" in Brisbane since the day of the outrage - Katherine Schweitzer / Steven Goldsmith
Why Pascals Wager Is Eminently Modern - Facts So Romantic
Trump, Alternative Facts, and Abuse  The Stories
China's Worst Policy Mistake? The Human Side of the One-Child Policy
U.S. Wage Disparity Took Another Turn for the Worse Last Year. The rich-poor pay gap is getting wider.
How a Silicon Valley Campaign Strategy Won it for Trump
Will France Sound the Death Knell for Social Democracy?--As a presidential election approaches this spring, even workers in the countrys rust belt are embracing right-wing populism.
Facts Aren't Enough to Save Liberal Democracy
An American Despot: People with faith in Americas ability to resist Donald Trump havent been paying attention
Twilight Of The Liberal World Order
Unrestrained global capitalism is overwhelming nature and governements. Extreme inequality, climate change and instability are rising everywhere. Make no mistake, the election of Donald Trump is the symptom of a deep systemic crisis. Political Order is breaking down and this can get a lot worse
North Carolina ran one of the largest and most aggressive sterilization programs in the U.S., and now the state is attempting to find and recognize survivors of its eugenics program
Trump's hostile takeover of the American brand
A Dust Over India
Where were the protesters during Obama's eight years of war?
The Other Side Is Not Dumb.
Satire has become a form of entertainment meant to affirm the like-minded, rather than an entertaining form of critique.
How Author Timothy Tyson Found the Woman at the Center of the Emmett Till Case; With a renewed cultural interest in the 1955 murder that catalyzed the 20th century civil rights movement, an interview with the author of a new book who tracked down the long-hidden woman at its center.
This is California's plan to revolt against Donald Trump
6 tactics marketers and salespeople use to persuade you
We Are a Nation of Outlaws
Trump says Syrian refugees arent vetted. We are. Heres what we went through.
"I Was Trained for the Culture Wars in Home School, Awaiting Someone Like Mike Pence as a Messiah"
The (dis)information mercenaries now controlling Trumps databases - Now that Trump, his SuperPACs and even their vendors have got a ton of data on every American, what could they do with that?
Third time's a charm: Singer proposes approval voting bill at start of legislative session
NYDailyNews.com Brings Race Into the Alleged Mass Shootings Phenomenon - In contempt of volumes of evidence not limited to blatantly fake testimony and the presence of crisis actors that proves the alleged events were staged - Twenty One False Flag / Hoax American Shootings
The long history of "Nazi punching" and the return of the "antifas"
True Meaning of Baptism - PT 3 ~ Jennifer Quetant
Professor Scott Aaronson speaks out against Trump's suspension of US visas to people from seven majority-Islamic countries, discussing the future of his Iranian PhD student
How to Lose the War on Terror: the Ripple Effect of banning Syrian Refugees
Why Central Banks Should Offer Bank Accounts to Everyone
The Source: the human cost hidden in that cup of coffee
Fear of a Muslim Planet
The Rise of Finance and The Fall of American Business - Evonomics
Why Fractals Are So Soothing: Art meets Science
Despite no evidence, White House says Trump stands by voter fraud belief
They call it fun, but the digital giants are turning workers into robots. When it comes to anything that involves a human being and a car, van or lorry, the same tracking means productivity must be squeezed out of every second
Regarding Corporate Income Taxes - what would be the best solution to benefit workers? Don't lower them, eliminate them
Voting Should Be Mandatory
On the reception and detection of pseudo-profound bullshit
The $99 Billion Idea: How Uber and Airbnb Fought City Hall, Won Over the People, Outlasted Rivals, and Figured Out the Sharing Economy.
Holocaust My Arse: Gas the Jews who jumped for joy filming Sept. 11, 2001 while Americans died behind locked fire doors at the upper levels of both WTC Towers - There was no Anne Frank if there had been the Zionists who took out the rest of the non Z Jews would have gassed her too - Hitler was a Jew
We Will Miss Antibiotics When Theyre Gone
Study from 2012 now corrected to show liberals, not conservatives, more authoritarian
Dogs &amp; homeless forge a life-saving bond. Its common to see homeless people take dishes of food someone gives them &amp; despite being hungry themselves, divide it in half &amp; give it to their dogs. Its equally common to see homeless in dirty clothing sitting next to their well-groomed dogs.
Is Donald Trump the Next Jimmy Carter?
Why do we fall for fake news?
Donald Trump: His Mothers Son
Trump Knows You Better Than You Know Yourself
Play with the numbers yourself to see why Trump is wrong about the cost of a border wall
How to Culture Jam a Populist in Four Easy Steps | Caracas Chronicles
Get Ready for the First Shocks of Trumps Disaster Capitalism
How to Lose the War on Terror
The Case Against Vladimir Putin: He was a KGB Officer who came to power in 1999 prior to being Boris Yeltsin's Chief of Staff - Yeltsin's rise came after around 160 members of the Russian Legislature were slain inside the Legislative Chamber October 4, 1993 - Putin will be charged as being complicit
With the most recent proposal to defund PBS, it is perhaps appropriate to repost Mr. Rogers' exceptionally eloquent defense of public broadcasting to the US Senate
Politics Behind NYT's Misuse of Language
What really happened to the Marines who disappeared during the last battle of Vietnam?
The Master: How Scientology Works
An Oklahoma Horror Story - The final six days in the life of 37-year-old Army veteran Elliott Earl Williams in a Tulsa County Jail [added video]
Scientific evidences show direct link between poor understanding of the physical world - and paranormal and religious beliefs
Forum editorial: 'Approval voting' for Fargo?
Finding My Heart in the Trump Era
This Bad Lip Reading is really interesting to me. Can anyone do a good lip reading to see what Trump/Obama &amp; Bush/Clinton are actually saying?
How My Grandfathers Proved Their Loyalty to America -- "One was part German. The other was born in Japan. Their stories show a crack in the faade of the Greatest Generation."
Will France Sound the Death Knell for Social Democracy?
How Bruce Lee Exploded a Stereotype With a One-Inch Punch
Rob Johnson : America is in deep trouble. American elites are ready to leave the country. I know several hedge-fund managers buying airstrips and farms because they think they need a getaway
Peak Millennial? Cities Cant Assume a Continued Boost From the Young
Mainers Approve Ranked Choice Voting
belsju@gmail.com /Skype-hfr.jan https://vimeo.com/196459542 [URL=http://tinypic.com/r/24qpsn8/9]View My Video[/URL] /Banknotes bypass bank atm and shop machines Available in Canadian dollar,US dollar, euro ,gbp 20s courier time to usa and europe takes 5/6 days
Donald Trump Is The First President To Turn Postmodernism Against Itself
Knights of Malta head resigns after dispute with Vatican
What's life like in Supermax prison? "The Supermax is life after death," said Hood, who served as ADX warden from 2002 to 2005. "It's long term. ... In my opinion, it's far much worse than death."
XPost: The MLK's in Dallas Update - Zero response from blacks world wide indicates they as a race approve of the murder and of the LK's treachery - The natural counter to which is they are "fair game," and can be shot down like the Luther Kings shot John Kennedy down the moment they are in range
Trumps new FCC chief is Ajit Pai, and he wants to destroy net neutrality
A Psychiatrist Who Survived The Holocaust Explains Why Meaningfulness Matters More Than Happiness
California v. Trump: The fight begins for health care, immigration, and the future of America
Why Trump's Staff Is Lying
When the White Nationalists Came to Washington
Trickle-Down Health Care: How We Could Actually Fix The US Health System
COMMENTARY: Means, goals and consequences of the pro-Kremlin disinformation campaign
Why Trump-Sanders Phenomenon Signals an Oligarchy on the Brink of a Civilization-Threatening Collapse
The most liberal and conservative jobs in America
Obama Stayed Out of the Swamp, and That Hurt Him
San Francisco asks: Where have all the children gone?
What Trump Is Throwing Out the Window
For Widows, Life After Loss: In some cultures, the death of a husband has meant exile, vulnerability, and abuse. But bereaved women are beginning to fight back.
How Franklin Leonard Created the Hollywood List Everyone Wants to Be On
Former Secret Service Agents Howl Foul - The entire Secret Service has been part of the John Kennedy assassination conspiracy since day one - Check Afro Secret Serviceman Abraham Bolden who makes much of his being the first black on the Presidential Protection Detail standing with shooters on the GK
Donald Trump Wants to Torture - This revolting creep had prior knowledge of the 911 attacks as per his Jan. 2000 tome "The America We Deserve," wherein he preempts the official line &amp; names Osama bin Laden as "Public Enemy Number 1" - Except OBL denied guilt as a Moslem as well we know Jews did it
This is Psychological Warfare: Trumps Laugh Track is Tricking America
The US to experience 'dangerous' global warming up to 20 years before most of the rest of the world. The densely populated Northeast will hit 3C of warming when the global average is at 2C, models predict.
How Trump Could Shrink the Government (While Still Keeping the Good Stuff)
Spanish scientists create a 3-D bioprinter to print human skin
How would you feel about a half-human half-chimp hybrid?
Neanderthals Were People, Too - New research shows they shared many behaviors that we long believed to be uniquely human. Why did science get them so wrong?
The Radical Crusade of Mike Pence
All This Stuff About How Donald Trump Will Issue "Executive Orders," is Hype - There is no provision nor statute in the US Constitution that permits such a thing!
Riyadhs claim of wanting peace in Yemen is a fallacy
The Tsar Bell -- The largest bell in the world sits in a courtyard at the Kremlin as a 200-ton tourist attraction. It has never been hearduntil now, using digital tools.
Do Regulations Really Kill Jobs? - Republicans love to blame the Environmental Protection Agency for some of the countrys economic woes. Is that a fair assertion?
NAFTA and other trade deals have not gutted American manufacturing  period
All References to Climate Change Have Been Deleted From the White House Website
Doomsday Prep for the Super-Rich
Doomsday Prep for the Super-Rich
"Two lives in free fall": How Title IX can affect students
Taken: A case of a toddler snatched from a High street Store and the response
What To Do About The Trump Thing
Childish Gambino. Atlanta. Lando Calrissian. Inside the Weird, Industry-Altering World of Donald Glover
A Minority President: Why the Polls Failed, And What the Majority Can Do
Study: Millennials really are making less than their parents did
U.S. Attorney General : We can't prosecute some banks if they break the law because they are too big. If we start bringing criminal charges, it will hurt the economy
Cheapening a Sacred Space: Trump's CIA Speech Was No Way to Honor Sacrifice
Newly declassified Bin Laden documents reveal deeper ties between Al Qaeda and Iran
Is punching Richard Spencer inciting violence or 'American as apple pie'? - The Guardian
You Are Not The Target Audience (a Defense of black block tactics)
Video Smokescreens Yisraeli Guilt For the 911 Attacks &amp; Dumps a Bucket on "Bush &amp; Cheney," who were traitors to the United States for sure but patsies none the less - It blows rogue Jew psychiatrist Steve Pieczenik's whistle, who is wanted in Italy for CIA thence Zionist sponsored terrorism &amp; murder
How To Fight 30 Years For Your Life's Purpose
Is Liberalism The New Face Of Domestic Terrorism?
What So Many People Don't Get About the U.S Working Class
Neo-Nazi Richard Spencer Got PunchedYou Can Thank the Black Bloc
America, You Look Like an Arab Country Right Now
The Past, Present, and Future of the War for Public Opinion
'Mass Flourishing' by Edmund Phelps | book review by Edward L. Glaeser
CGP Grey's Politics in the Animal Kingdom
How To Disable Working of Any Sensor On Android - WhySolution
The night Kansas City baseball came back to life
The Rise of Trump and Isis Have More in Common Than You Might Think
Nobody stealing your jobs, you spend too much on wars, Alibaba founder tells US
Australia: The Canberra Times Toots Pauline Hanson's Flute - From here it looks like the Times and Hanson are soft on terrorism, else there is another reason they have remained mute in the face of the Queensland &amp; Australian Governments granting Mossad and Tamil terrorists right of way
What Do You Do if a Red State Moves to You?--Many Americans woke up after the election to discover that they lived in Trump Country. In one corner of Wisconsin, shocked liberals cant escape an uneasy feeling: They were the reason why.
How I turned a traffic ticket into the constitutional trial of the century
Fewer and lonelier: Why the celibate priesthood is in crisis
Dear Mr. Putin, Lets Play Chess: A Unified Theory of Russia's attack on the West
What changes will Donald J. Trump make to our education system? An honest look at his vision.
The Impossible Burger aims to revolutionize the way we eat
Plato predicts fall of democracy to tyranny
Jesus christ, this gif of Melania at the inauguration is more chilling than any news story about Trump that we've seen yet. Um ... discuss?
In a Rust Belt Town, the Womens March Draws Shrugs and Cheers From Afar
Man Boasts Of Sexual Assault, Later Inaugurated 45th President Of United States
Punching Richard Spencer
They Called Her Mrs. Sherlock Holmes: The mysterious case of the first female U.S. District Attorney, and the morbid murder investigation that put her on the map
LA Review of Books - "America, America" A look at how we ended up with Trump. What it means and what we can do about it.
It would mean so much if you could donate/share
JournalNeo Beats the Berlin Christmas Attack Drum, in contempt of evidence the entire affair was yet another False Flag / Hoax - Germans spurn clear evidence of Jewish guilt for the attacks of September 11, 2001, and accept the blame for the Holocaust despite Hitler &amp; all of the top Nazis were Jews
History isn't a 'useless' major. It teaches critical thinking, something America needs plenty more of
How the Sugar Industry Shifted Blame to Fat
Taser Internationals training materials warn that its weapons can cause death, but the company has released statements stressing that they are generally safe and effective.
20 ways to defend democracy from authoritarianism, according to a Yale historian
The Women's March and the Limits of Protest
How to do what you love and make good money
In Navient Lawsuits, Unsettling Echoes of Past Lending Crisis
A pharmaceutical company has settled a $100 million lawsuit with the FTC for engaging in anti-competitive behaviour that allowed them to increase the price of a drug by 85,000%.
Donald Trump Touts the Official 911 Line in His January 2000 Tome "The America We Deserve" - "I am convinced we are in danger of a terror attack that will make the 1993 WTC Bombing look like firecrackers, a shadowy figure named Osama bin Laden is Public Enemy Number 1" - Too damn cute, Jews did it
UnReddit/r/Anarchism: It is OK to Punch Nazis &amp; ISIS Supporters - Get stuck right into George Soros then, he's the one funding ISIS which is the Israel Secret Intelligence Service in any case, who as a teenage Nazi in Hungary during WW2 "cataloged" the possessions of Jews sent to Auschwitz
The Scientist Who Shot His Photos with a Gun and Inspired Futurism
Trump will have to decide who builds the first exascale supercomputer: Europe, China, Japan, or the U.S.
Jack Kennedy Schlossberg Grandstands at the Kennedy Center Honors - Too bad this wretched creature lacks the courage to speak the truth re the murders of Senator Robert &amp; President John Kennedy, and the highly suspicious plane crash that took out his kinsman John F Kennedy Jr his wife &amp; her sister
Slate: Oregon Has One of the Worst Criminal Justice Systems in the US - Things are no better in Washington State, the matter of alleged Green River Killer Gary Ridgway who claims seventy one kills is a case in point
As with tradition, President Obama leaves a letter for his successor in the Oval office before he departs.
Market Forces, Not Ideology, Drive Colleges to Cut American-History Requirements
Inside Putin's Information War. An article demonstrating the unexpected media sophistication behind modern Russian propaganda
Why America Has a President Instead of an Exalted Highness
If you were an elephant
Why The Alt-Right Is Right - The Critique
Virus of the Mind  How Memetics is Leading to the Next Paradigm Shift
How the power of psychographic advertising helped Trump and Brexit win - advertising firm used by both campaigns claims to have as many as 3,000 to 5,000 data points on each of us
Technological progress alone wont stem resource use
Life  2017 Edition
Taibbi Reviews Thomas Friedman's 'Thank You for Being Late'
Democrats in the Wilderness: Inside a decimated partys not-so-certain revival strategy.
Buzz Aldrins Death Bed Confession - "The Moon Landing Was Faked!"
How Deutsche Bank Made a $462 Million Loss Disappear
Voat: MT Meets The Don .. at six years of age on a Saturday afternoon father says to get ready, Donald Bradman was on his way and I would be entertaining him :(
How the Fake News Crisis of 1896 Explains Trump. William Jennings Bryan, the populist presidential hopeful, warned of an epidemic of fake news in his day.
How the town of Whitefish defeated its neo-Nazi trolls  and became a national model of resistance
The Trouble with Quantum Mechanics
In Iceland, teenage smoking, drinking and drug use have been radically cut in the past 20 years. Here's how they did it, and why other countries wont follow suit.
Orion Magazine | Dark Ecology
Yes, Trumps Cabinet is super rich. Thats not why we should be worried.
"We are the Last Defense," Daron Acemoglu on Trump's election.
Who is Anna-Senpai, the Mirai Worm Author?
2016's New Temperature Record Proves Climate Change Is Moving Disturbingly Fast. This is now the fifth time that the temperature record has been shattered in the current century
Diarrhea, Drunkenness And Dead Birds: 200 Years Of Inaugural Mishaps
Video: Lesbian Fever, Lauren Southern Seeks Gender Non Binary Status, she says she is attracted to girls and wants to be identified as a man
Libor scandal: the bankers who fixed the worlds most important number. With arrogant disregard for the rules, traders colluded for years to rig Libor, the banks lending rate. But after the crash, the regulators were on their trail.
WorldNewsDaily.com: Sir Paul McCartney Refutes Ringo Starrs Assertion he Died in 1966 - Stating "Ringo is growing senile and losing his mind, he could just invent crap about himself without implicating me in his delirium" - Billy Shears, Sergeant Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band leader mentioned
Student Debt Payback Far Worse Than Believed
The Real Story Of 2016
Too much sitting, too little exercise may accelerate biological aging
Reporters flocked to a campus controversy but missed its surprising conclusion
How The War On Drugs Is One Long Human Rights Violation. Health officials speak out against a global drug policy gone horribly wrong
Into the Abyss: Why the Local Food Movement Needs to Stop Congratulating Itself
I am here now, in this other country, the place that should be my home
NewsMax: Ferguson Protesters Now Protesting Over Not Getting Paid - They were promised up to $5,000 per month to loot, rape, riot &amp; burn and got nuthin' - George Soros stiffed 'em is who, the Missouri cops shoulda shot 'em down on the streets
Do high-deductible plans make the health care system better?
How statistics lost their power - and why we should fear what comes next
How Racism Was First Officially Codified in 15th Century Spain
There's Nothing Inhuman About Inhumanity: the perils of dehumanizing violent criminals
White America is quietly self-segregating
TheHill: Rogue General Colin Powell Gets on Bill Clinton's Case Over "Bimbos" - Powell stood by as US Secretary of State when Jews attacked America on 911, he should be charged, tried &amp; hanged for cowardice in the face of the enemy - Alongside every member of successive Presidential administrations
Govt. Standardized Achievement Testing: The Albatross Of American Education
Obama Hoped to Transform the World. It Transformed Him.
JNJ.org: Israel Did 911 - Islam Was Framed by Zionist Jews in the United States Government and in Fake Israel
Inequality Is Killing The American Dream - Decades of rising income inequality and slowing economic growth have eroded a pillar of the American dream: the hope that each generation will do better than the one that came before.
Dysfunction Disorder
Colombias other war
The Gentrification of City-Based Sitcoms
New Yorker: The Deportees Taking Our Calls
Syria: Obama's Unforgivable Mistake
Animals Were Harmed: Hollywood's Nightmare of Death, Injury, and Secrecy Exposed
Notorious Mercenary Erik Prince Is Advising Trump From the Shadows
I quit fishing after an encounter off Perth made me realise I was an arsehole
Are we living in a time of unprecedented peace? Examining Steven Pinkers The Better Angels of Our Nature: Why Violence Has Declined and what it might say about global violence in the age of Trump
Ten Principles of Conservatism
Don't Blame Davos Man for Globalization's Limits
To Obama With Love, and Hate, and Desperation -- Over eight years, through millions of letters, the staff of the White House mailroom read the unfiltered story of a nation.
Big Sugar's Secret Ally? Nutritionists
The Romans Tried to Save the Republic From Men Like Trump. They Failed -- "How to counter the new speech of the charismatic demagogue by practicing politics that people can identify with is the puzzle that Rome finally failed to solve."
Rebuilding legitimacy in a post-truth age: "The fundamental crisis of the post-truth age ... is not the explosion of fake news, or even existential doubts about the truth itself (which are always present), but rather a crisis of legitimacy: Whom and what to trust."
The African American Roots of Betsy DeVos's Education Platform
How Britain tried to influence the US election in 1940
Kompromat and the Danger of Doubt and Confusion in a Democracy
How the U.S. Military Sees the Anti-ISIS Fight
From Headline to Photograph, a Fake News Masterpiece
Noam Chomsky Talks Trump, Free Speech, and the Virtues of Resistance -- " The peak of Western civilization in many ways was Germany in the 1920s in the arts, the sciences, and even as a model for democracy. Within 10 years, it had descended to the depths of barbarism in a post-fact society."
CNBC @ Twitter: JFK Learned the Hard Way - Despite the veiled threat millions in politics, news broadcasting, the CIA, the FBI, the Secret Service, in Texas and in the US AG's Office, will need to defend capital charges either as primary conspirators or for perpetuating the assassination cover up
The Shadow Network of Anti-Vax Doctors Many both mainstream and alternative doctors help patients avoid or delay vaccines. Trumps rhetoric might empower them further.
Who Really Killed the Public Option?
The True Story of the Fugitive Drug Smuggler Who Became an Environmental Hero
Republicans Plan to Roll Back Parts of the Landmark Endangered Species Act
To Obama With Love, and Hate, and Desperation
Blinders to the Left, Klans on the Right: Scottish and Celtic Studies in Trump's America
Apocalypse Whatever  Real Life
Food Stamp Fables: The New York Times front-page attack on food stamps over the weekend peddled harmful myths and outright lies.
What exactly are "orphan drugs" and how are pharmaceutical companies getting rich from them?
XPost: British Radio Host Richie Allen Beats David Icke's Drum in the Context of AntiSemitism - It is not all wine &amp; roses however since the two of them avoid JFK Truth which inculpates the MLKs
How our housing choices make adult friendships more difficult
Chinese authorities pay nearly 20% of the population to divert online debates away from censored topics.
Martin Luther King Jr. was decades ahead of his time in advocating for a universal basic income
A message to my doomed colleagues in the American media
Psychologys Favorite Tool for Measuring Racism Isnt Up to the Job
These Workers Got a Raise Thanks to the Obama Administration. Then Their Employers Took It Away.
Frightened by Donald Trump? You dont know the half of it | George Monbiot
Zoning's Racist Roots Still Bear Fruit | reason.com
Trump Is Making Journalism Great Again
The Last Time a Foreign Government Successfully Interfered in a U.S. Election
The Heroism of Incremental Care
Patrice Lumumba (1925-1961)
Gilad Atzmon Who is From a Family of Terrorists Says "There is no AntiSemitism in Britain" - Which illustrates the moral degeneracy that has become the lot of the British ppl - In the face of Jew guilt for the 911 attacks antiSemtism is a moral responsibility - Brits must bring war to the Jew enemy
Digital detoxing: Phones are toxic - embrace it in 2017
Mourning for Whiteness
10 illuminati Facts And Conspiracy Theories Of Rothschild Family | Freemason (WAR CREATORS)
Never built New York: the city that might have been - in pictures
Why was the Zimmerman Telegram so important? - BBC News: Tuesday marks the 100th anniversary of a remarkable success for British intelligence: but one that involved spying on the United States and then conspiring with its senior officials to manipulate public opinion in America.
Video: Dude Blows Paul Joseph Watson's Horn - Watson and his twin brother Steve were 911 Truthers a role they abandoned to become shills for the NWO - Jews did 911, as well they sponsor the Watsons and Alex Jones who now must rely on the conspiracy staying afloat to avoid arrest, trial and execution
YouTube - William Cooper Was Not Murdered, he was shot dead by Sheriff's Deputies in Eagar Arizona Nov. 6, 2001, after he shot one of their number who was serving a late night warrant - Cooper had pulled a gun in a supermarket parking lot, and had acted in a threatening manner toward a local doctor
WhiteWraithe.com: The Jewish Mass Murderers of 911 - Jews must be crushed and their power base destroyed in response to their murderous acts - They are brutes beyond comprehension, who are maliciously murdering &amp; destroying the infrastructure of the entire world for their own vanity &amp; wicked gains
Trump team reportedly wants to strip FCC of consumer protection powers
Can Snapchats Culture of Secrecy Survive an IPO?
A Warning to Trump From Friedrich Hayek
9 MLK Quotes the Mainstream Media Won't Cite
How Media Fuels Our Fear of Terrorism
The Nihilistic Purity of the Far Left Will Kill Us All
(2006) "Poll: Americans Support Bush Impeachment for [NSA] Wiretapping." Hasn't our society and have our minds not changed more in ten years than in the last 30?
On 'Legislating Morality': The Anti-Conservative Fallacy
How our housing choices make adult friendships more difficult
Peace signs flashed on social media can give hackers access to bank accounts, warn Japanese scientists who have used a digital camera to steal fingerprint data.
The Lie Factory: How Politics Became a Business. A story about one of the first political consulting firms.
How Anarchists and Intentional Communities Are Reacting to Trump -- Why some people are withdrawing from mainstream society into intentional communitiesand what the rest of the country can learn from them
Why big business is putting your pet's life at risk. The high-cost, high-risk world of modern pet care. A wave of corporatization is hitting the veterinary industry, but does a one-size-fits-all approach work?
Who Are the 8 Richest People? All are Men And Mostly Americans!! - WhySolution
RentaCrowd - DemandProtest.com .. We Mobilize Across the Globe With Seeded Audiences &amp; Desirable Messages, we create convincing scenes that become the building blocks of massive movements - When you need the appearance of outrage, we are able to deliver it [at a price] while keeping your rep intact
NewYork.Backpage.com: Demand Protest Pays Politically Motivated Ppl to fight for the things they believe in, you were going to take action anyways do so with us - As a Demand Protest op you will receive a monthly retainer of $2,500 on top of our standard per event pay of $50/hr - ID 92451994 NewYork
Lakshmibai, The Warrior Queen Who Fought British Rule in India
I've Been To The Mountaintop by King
A Short History of Presidential 'Illegitimacy'
When the Downstairs Neighbor Is a Bar
Tragedy Plus Time: How Jokes Won the Election
The Stories We Tell Ourselves
Istanbullsh*t: BlackListednews.com Beats the New Year's Eve Alleged Istanbul Nightclub Attack Drum, totally in contempt of volumes of evidence proving the entire shermasco a Zionist sponsored hoax!
Bilderberg Chairman : Each year, billionaires and politicians gather in Davos. The world is run by and for them. They wanted mass-immigration. They felt no responsability toward society. They paid no taxes. Hubris led to over-reach. But be careful what you wish for. Populism can get out of control
Why we should all have a basic income
How Betsy DeVos (Trump's pick for Secretary of Education) used God and Amway to take over Michigan politics
One Citys Transit Solution: Raising money for transit by charging more to drive is good public policy but difficult politics. If it was easy, many more cities would have a congestion pricing system in place by now. The Answer - Tax Parking
Donald Trumps attack on civil rights leader John Lewis, explained - The argument Trump is making, though not in so many words, is: Well, John Lewis, what about black-on-black crime? Par for the course with Trump, this argument bears little relation to the facts.
How Rudolf Diesel's engine changed the world - BBC News
The Blank Slateism of the Right
How Long Have I Got Left? The reason doctors dont give patients specific prognoses is not merely because they cannot
Looks like in future people would be less inclined to pursue education.
The Tabloids Go All-In For Trump
The Foreign Correspondent in the Age of Twitter and Trump
once you understand the degree to which the average US family and the entire Gen-X and Millennial generations are being hosed economically, everything starts to take shape.
Occultist father of rocketry 'written out' of Nasa's history
Brace for the oil, food and financial crash of 2018
The Truth About Martin Luther King, Jr.'s "I Have A Dream" Speech
UnReddit: 2,151 Whites &amp; 1,130 Blacks Died by Police Gunfire, blacks carry out 52.5% of all US homicides - Former Kennedy house guests Martin Luther &amp; Coretta King were with shooters at the 1963 murder of President John Kennedy, which I say demonstrates the folly of treating blacks like human beings
The neo-Nazi MLK Day rally in Montana was never real, but it has wreaked havoc anyway - Vice
The Last Bullsh*tter - Gene Cernan Who Says He Went to the Moon Puts His Cue in the Rack
How Pharma-Funded Research Cherry-Picks Positive Results. Clinical trial data on new drugs is systematically withheld from doctors and patients, bringing into question many of the premises of the pharmaceutical industryand the medicine we use
New genetics study reveals Spain's forced conversions in 15th and 16th centuries
Google - 504,000 Listings Decrying the June 12, 2016, Alleged Orlando Nightclub Mass Shooting as Fake!
Go check out the video, subscribe, and comment which one you like better!!
Past Kennedy House Guests Martin Luther &amp; Coretta King &amp; Black Abraham Bolden, who makes much of being the first black on the Presidential Protection Detail, stood with shooters at the murder of President Kennedy in Dallas Tx. Nov. 22, 1963 - Demonstrates the folly of treating blacks as human beings
Corey Robin - The Politics Trump Makes
What are Food Stamps Actually Used to Purchase?
Pardon Snowden campaign delivers more than 1M signatures to President Obama
When Syria comes to Roscommon: 'We can't run to Mass, then say 'you're not welcome''
The Jacksonville Sheriff's Office has shot 124 people in the last decade. Ninety six of them were black.
Why Peter Thiel Fears Star Trek
Why Race Relations Got Worse: The racial conversation were having today is tribalistic.
Christianity and the birth of modernity
Post History Bill Blum aka u/smokinbluebear - The CIA Fairy at the Bottom of the Reddit Garden
Dr Udo Ulfkotte Former Editor at Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung, who revealed the CIA pays journalists in Germany, France, Britain, Australia &amp; New Zealand to plant fake news stories has been found dead!
Senator Cory Booker Joins Republicans to Kill Measure to Import Cheaper Medicine From Canada - He says it's all about safety. That's why he took more pharmaceutical cash over the past six years than any other Democratic senator
Despite what you might think, chickens are not stupid
NBC News Beats the Anne Frank Drum - Jews infiltrated German politics then perped the H'caust in the name of Germany, they infiltrated US politics and perped 911, like they infiltrated Turkish politics &amp; perped the Armenian Genocide - Bring them to lawful trial &amp; just execution under existing US Law
Why Are Drug Prices So High?, David Henderson
The Iran-Contra Affair 30 Years Later: A Milestone in Post-Truth Politics. Declassified Records Recall Official Deception in the Name of Protecting a Presidency
It's Okay to Be Mad
Sometimes the People Need to Call the Experts
We're very close. We couldn't not be: the secret to a friendly divorce. This month sees a spike in couples filing for divorce, many of them vowing to stay friends. But is it really possible  or worth the pain?
Matt Taibbi: The Russia Story Reaches a Crisis Point
Feeling Paranoid
The Coming 17 "The hundredth anniversary of the Soviet Revolution will likely coincide with a global collapse. The oft-announced recovery is not coming, and a rightist wave with racist undertones is mounting."
The Vulgar Mechanic and His Magical Oven
What concerns me most about r/The_Donald is that it's followers are still angry today, regardless of their candidates nomination.
Recently Released: The 22 September 1979 Vela Satellite Incident (indicating a nuclear test by unknown actors in the South Atlantic)
Nothing to be done. Article about what's required to bring about change.
That Time I Turned a Routine Traffic Ticket into the Constitutional Trial of the Century
Greenland Sharks dont mate until they're 150 years old and can live to be 400. Theyre also blind and slow, but scientists have found Seal, Reindeer, and Polar Bear meat in their stomachs.
Poet: I cant answer questions on Texas standardized tests about my own poems
My interview with the former spy who wrote the Trump-Russia memos; When I broke the story in October, I spoke with him. Here's what he said.
Obama's Mistake (Surprisingly good for MTV)
If you want to earn more, work less
The Worlds Rising Powers Have Fallen
Medical Communication Companies and Americas Medical Propaganda Machine
Disneyland with the Death Penalty -- 1993 article by William Gibson for WIRED
A liberal arts college without English majors? N.H. school reinvents itself - The Boston Globe
George Soros : Law is now a business. Medicine is now a business. Money controls american politics. Markets don't produce ethics or justice. Market fundamentalism is pushed by the wealthy because it benefits them. I run a hedge fund but as a Citizen I think capitalism is undermining democracy
Lawful Handguns Departing for New York, but Unlawful Upon Arrival
Human Rights Watch World Report 2017: The Dangerous Rise of Populism
AMSTERDAM CONSCRIPTS HOMELESS IN THE WAR ON CASH
Should You Put Your Real Estate Into Showbiz?
Peter Thiel on Trump: "at a place like Twitter, they were all working for Trump this whole year even though they thought they were working for Sanders.". Fascinating look at Thiel's thinking.
The Deep State Goes to War With President-Elect, Using Unverified Claims, as Democrats Cheer
Where is the empathy ? A study found wealthy Americans believe poor people have it easy
Democrats cant win until they recognize how bad Obamas financial policies were
How Trumps Attacks on U.S. Intelligence Will Come Back to Haunt Him
The Hermit Who Inadvertently Shaped Climate-Change Science -- Billy Barr Moved to the Rocky Mountains four decades ago, got bored one winter, and decided to keep a notebook that has become the stuff of legend.
The noncentral fallacy - the worst argument in the world? [2012]
Resistance to the Antibiotic of Last Resort Is Silently Spreading
Media Corruption
In April 2015, Kennedy promoted a film, Trace Amounts, which links autism to vaccinations. At a screening in Sacramento, California, Kennedy described the alleged incidents of vaccinations causing autism as a holocaust. On January 10, 2017, he was nominated to chair Trumps vaccine safety panel.
American Stockholm Syndrome: or How we Learned to Stop Worrying and Love the Oppressor. "Should the dead bother to return, Orwell could observe his fears made real in the catechisms of modern political diction  adorned with legalese, like a gaudy veil cinched around a modest truth."
Voat: The Dangers of Ultrasound During Pregnancy - The exponential rise in autism incidence is a product of fetal exposure to ultrasound, very low exposure causes damage to the brain, kidneys, cornea, chorionic villi and the immune system!
Bourdain on food, travel and politics
Thirty years in jail for a single hair: the FBI's 'mass disaster' of false conviction
Vietnam: The War That Killed Trust
Meet the gun-totin rebels who want to split from California
America will miss Barack Obama's decency
A reminder that your Instagram photos arent really yours: Someone else can sell them for $90,000
The reigning absurdity in the digital news economy [Meta]
The Deep State Goes to War with President-Elect, Using Unverified Claims, as Democrats Cheer
The Inside Story of BitTorrents Bizarre Collapse
Late-night comedy is becoming, more and more, a place of earnestand informedpolitical debate. The lines between journalism and other ways of understanding the worldbetween media as information and media as entertainmentare vanishing.
The UN's peacekeeping nightmare in Africa: One of the key issues facing Antonio Guterres, the UN's newly installed secretary-general, will be to address critical failures in African peacekeeping operations.
The Real Reason Your City Has No Money
Tillerson says China should be barred from South China Sea islands
Did a Federal Surveillance Court Really Reject an FBI Application to Spy On Trump Associates? It's actually quite complicated.
millennium challenge: the real story of a corrupted military exercise and its legacy
Ted Cruz Introduces Bill to Designate Moslem Brotherhood a Terrorist Organization - In contempt of volumes of evidence that proves Jews not Moslems orchestrated the 911 attacks - Similarly in contempt of the law that provides the death penalty for granting comfort to the enemies of the United States
XPost: Twenty One False Flag / Hoax American Shootings!
The alt-right is old fascism in new clothes
The Law Says a Civilian Must Run the Pentagon. Does Gen. Mattis Deserve an Exception?
TruthRevolt.org: ISIS Stands For "Israeli Secret Intelligence Service," the alleged head of the organization Abu Bakr Al-Baghdadi is a Jew whose real name is Simon Elliot
DW.com Howls Nazis &amp; Jews: Never Disclosing Adolf Hitler and *All* of the Top Nazis were Jews, that Ernst Rhm and the SA the non Jewish Nazis were massacred in June 1934 after H was sworn in as German Chancellor January 31, 1933 - Jews did 911, anticipate a stupendous death toll in just retaliation
FourWinds10: Italian &amp; Russian Police Break Up Jewish Child Snuff Porn Ring - They kidnapped non Jewish children between the ages of two and five years then raped and murdered them on film - Jews perped the 911 attacks, as well they sponsor the likes of Barak Obama, Hillary Clinton &amp; Donald Trump
Economics is driven by ideology, not science, which drives them to assert that bank bailouts are tolerable but policies that protect the poor aren't. These flawed theories &amp; models are a comfort to financial elites which is why economists are hired and funded by banks, corporations &amp; the wealthy.
MIT Professor says powerful elites set up monopolies so they can abuse consumers, hurting the economy and society to become insanely rich. Bill Gates is outraged, defends his friend Carlos Slim
How Albert Woodfox Survived 40+ Years In Solitary: As one of the Angola 3, he was in isolation longer than any other American.
The food at your local farm stand might not be local. I would know.
Zac Easter knew what was happening to him. He knew why. And he knew that it was only going to get worse. So he decided to write it all downto let the world know what football had done to him, what he'd done to his body and his brain for the game he loved. And then he shot himself.
The Crimes of SEAL Team 6
Confirm or Deny: Peter Thiel
Ex-Military In Law Enforcement: Does Military Training Make Them A Perfect Fit...Or In Some Cases, Unfit?
How One Stupid Tweet Blew Up Justine Saccos Life
Like Dostoevsky, who foresaw Russia destroying itself with the support of the West, Putins endgame is not land - it is the destabilization of the entire Western order.
Theyll think youre a monster; the pitfalls of cryogenically freezing your body
Grasping for change on America's most violent streets: 'We must stop killing' (Violence in St. Louis)
Bait and Switch - How the physicist Alan Sokal hoodwinked a group of humanists and why, 20 years later, it still matters.
How BuzzFeed crossed the line in publishing salacious dossier on Trump - The Washington Post
Why elites are wrong and President Trump can restore Americas global leadership
How the Wright Brothers Actually Did It
Contrarian Thoughts on Russia and the Presidential Election
Tyranny of the Ethnography: How Lived Experience Corrupts the Social Sciences
The Man Who Terrifies Wall Street : U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara has gone after traders, investment bankers, hedge fund managers, billionaires, foreign diplomats and leading politicians. Many judges don't like his aggressive tactics
As Donald Trump Denies Climate Change, These Kids Die of It | families showed me how they pick rocks of chalk from the ground, break them into dust and cook the dust into soup. It fills our stomachs at least, explained Limbiaza, a 20-year-old woman in one remote village.
When You Are Depressed, Make Something.
Americans with political differences need to stop treating each other like the enemy
Post-VR Sadness: Is Virtual Reality Dissociating People From Reality?
The True Story Of My Teenage Dirtbag Fight Club
Health Care Is a Commodity, Not a Right
Invest and Profit With the POTUS Indexes
Angela Nagle: What the Alt-right is really all about.
The Last Trial of the Codfather - Since his release from prison in the 1980s, Carlos Rafael has ruthlessly run his Massachusetts seafood business with little regard for the law. But is there any other way to survive the gauntlet of restrictions on the New England fishing industry?
The Problem with Irony
Inside Sears' death spiral: How an iconic American brand has been driven to the edge of bankruptcy
Image: False Flag - A Horrific Staged Event Blamed on a Political Enemy, and used as a pretext to start wars or to enact draconian legislation in the name of "National Security!"
Free Markets Make Fools of Us - Free markets create incentives for companies to deceive or manipulate us constantly
As a young child in the capital of North Korea, Sungju Lee lived a pampered life. But by the time he was a teenager, he was starving and fighting for survival in a street gang. It was one of many twists of fate on a journey that has led him to postgraduate studies at a British university.
The Pentagon's research division is betting its high-risk, high-reward programs will change medicine. The new Biological Technologies Office has been exploring challenges including memory improvement, humanmachine symbiosis and speeding up disease detection and response.
UnReddit: Coretta Scott King @ AutoNews - She &amp; her wretched spouse stood with shooters on the GK, when President Kennedy was shot from ambush in Dallas, Tx. Nov. 22, 1963 - They had accepted Mrs Kennedy's invitation to dine with her &amp; the President in her home at the White House a short time before
Obama Scorecard: Remember when Obama promised change? This is how he delivered on his promise
Video: Charleston Church Shooting, False Flag Conspiracy For Gun Control &amp; Race War
Why Aging Is A Degenerative Disease And It Is Time To Recognize It As Such
How Sherlock of the library cracked the case of Shakespeares identity
END THE FED "Economic collapse imminent" Ron Paul. When he talks, I listen
The Swedish Kings of Cyberwar
Can Bangalore win its battle against rubbish? The southern Indian city of Bangalore was long known as the garden city, famed for its lush public parks and gardens, trees and hedges. But four years ago, it was renamed the garbage city, after it began drowning under mounds of rubbish.
Vietnam changed us as a country. In many ways, for the worse: It made us cynical and distrustful of our institutions, especially of government. For many people, it eroded the notion, once nearly universal, that part of being an American was serving your country.
Inside LAX's New Anti-Terrorism Intelligence Unit
Workers built Nordic social democracy through class struggle, not ethnic homogeneity. And we can do the same here.
Is Sugar The World's Most Popular Drug?
Killing Animals at the Zoo
How the scientific method came from watching children play  Henry Cowles | Aeon Essays
I'm a Coastal Elite From the Midwest: The Real Bubble is Rural America
You want me to what???
Kent landlord bans 'battered wives' and single mothers from renting properties
DONALD TRUMP CAMPAIGN PROMISES - INFRASTRUCTURE, GLASS STEAGAL
Viaje Sudeste Asiatico
Wall to Wall Denial Games
How to Destroy the Business Model of Breitbart and Fake News
Why Tokyo is the land of rising home construction but not prices
Hedge Fund CEO : You want to understand Russia ? At the end of the Soviet Union, 22 oligarchs stole 40% of Russian wealth. 150 million people were left in total poverty and life expectancy collapsed. The West didn't just ignore the looting, it facilitated it. That's how Vladimir Putin happened
Delhi's Sleep Economy- how the "sleep mafia" controls the vulnerable.
How Edward Snowden sabotaged the war on terrorism
How a Young Black Man Became a Race Realist
Incompetence and the Iraq War
How each generation gets the drugs it deserves  Cody Delistraty
This Extraordinary Letter Will Help You Find Your Calling
After Empire
Serbia's governing party has a small, well-organized army to troll the internet on its behalf. It creates a parallel reality where everything in Serbia is great
Japan has one of the lowest rates of gun crime in the world and has almost eradicated gun crime. In 2014 there were just six gun deaths, compared to 33,599 in the US. What is the secret?
Hope is an embrace of the unknown: Rebecca Solnit on living in dark times
Vladimir Putin gets it : You pay them, you own them. The UK is now ready to betray America to protect it's share of corrupt stolen russian money. The young british elites are just valets for Billionaires. Here in London, in their own capital city, the English are no longer calling the shots
5 Huge Problems With Trump's Cabinet
High Prices Today, Effective Drugs Tomorrow
The True Story of Rastafari
DissidentVoice.org: Israeli Embassy Staff in the UK  Mossad Agents  Are working with senior political activists and politicians in the Conservative &amp; Labour parties, to subvert their own parties from within and skew British foreign policy so that it benefits Israeli rather than British interests
The 1 hour workday
Last year was the hottest on record by a wide margin, with temperatures creeping close to a ceiling set by almost 200 nations for limiting global warming
TWWF.org: The Much Lauded "White Helmets" aka Syrian Civil Defense, Exposed as Terrorists &amp; Executioners
Seven reasons not to care about high pay
Alt-Right Frames Wrong Esteban Santiago for Shooting, Kickstarts Racist Conspiracy Theory
Video: Alex Jones Stop Lying, December 2016, Russian Envoy Andrey Karlov was fake killed by fake shooter Mevlut Mert Altintas - The August 2015, alleged Roanoke Virginia television studio shooting was as fake as a 3$ bill, despite Jones supports the CIA narrative regarding both alleged events
Toward A New Twitter Ethic - Michael Tracey
Russian treachery is extreme and it is everywhere
A True Friendship () | A Reality Emotional Story 2017 | Roar of BD
Video: Ft Lauderdale Shooting Hoax, Michael Bloomberg Named
Inside the KGB Playbook to Recruit Americans: "An old Soviet field manual for spies tells us a lot about the mindset of todays agents, and not only the Russians. Could an American president be the ultimate dangle?"
One Man's Quest to Change the Way We Die: A doctor and triple amputee used his own experience to pioneer a new model of palliative care at a small and quirky hospice in San Francisco.
Carlos Slim : The capitalist who owns Mexico. His empire, the scope of which is unprecedented, ranges from tobacco, airlines, electric cables, floor tiles, construction, telecom. His personal wealth reached 6.6% of Mexican GDP eclipsing John D. Rockefeller at his peak
Pouring drinks for alcoholics. Managed alcohol program as an alternative to abstinence for hardcore, homeless alcoholics.
The link between pedophilia and height
Rap Song About How To Scam The NYC Subway For Free Rides
The Trials of Hannah Arendt
The Problem with New York's Young Professionals
Bill Perry Is Terrified. Why Arent You? How an 89-year-old cold warrior became Americas nuclear conscience.
ADAMS Errors: WADA is unable to protect athletes privacy
The surprisingly cutthroat race to build the world's fastest elevator
The Dog Factory: Inside the Sickening World of Puppy Mills
The undercover investigators exposing animal abuse in factory farms
A Deadly Conspiracy in Buenos Aires?
A vast new tomb for the most dangerous waste in the world
How Vienna produced ideas that shaped the West
Linking the best and worst of global trends [The relationship between declining global poverty and xenophobic discontent in the West]
Other billionaires spend millions in marketing and use charity for a better public image. He doesn't. He doesn't even want any name on a building. And he has given more of his wealth than anyone else in America. Today he has only two million dollars left
Time to call B.S. on Private Censorship
What We Can Learn from Russian TV's attempt at Trump Impersonation on New Year's Eve
Everyday Authoritarianism is Boring and Tolerable
The Intimate Spectacle of Public, Private, Secret
Stop Calling Donald Trump a Republican
"Normal"
How a KGB Assassin Used the Death of His Child to Defect
Cancer Death Rate Has Dropped 25% Since 1991 Peak
Safety Pins and Swastikas
The Russians Are Coming
Donald Trumps Alarmingly Trumpian Transition
Florida Shooting Hoax - AirCanada Requests Correction From CNN For False Reporting, and confirms no record of a passenger named Esteban Santiago or guns checked on AC flights to Fort Lauderdale
Obama: Obamacare 'Achieved What Eluded Politicians of Both Parties for a Century'
Society Could Collapse in a Decade, Predicts Math Historian
How I get a ~100% response rate on Tinder
Ishmael Jones: From Russia with Doubt
Get your loved ones off Facebook: 'Facebook doesnt keep any of your data safe or anonymous, no matter how much you lock down your privacy settings. Those are all a decoy. There are very serious privacy breaches...'
The Burning of Black Wall Street: Tulsas 1921 Race Riot
Inside the Mission to Catch Khalid Sheikh Mohammed
The Canada experiment: is this the world's first 'postnational' country?
How to Counter Fake News: Technology Can Help Distinguish Fact from Fiction
ChemtrailsPlanet.net: Hurricane Katrina Twelve Yrs On - 5,000 body bags were delivered to New Orleans eleven days before the hurricane made landfall - Carbon Black aerosols are known to increase hurricane strength, satellite images reveal obvious chemtrailing as the system enters the Gulf of Mexico
Jew Stink &amp; Censorship @ R/Socialism - Re the False Flag Zionist Inspired Charlie Hebdo Affair, the alleged masked killers drove the getaway car to a Jewish restaurant in Paris - True French patriots call for their arrest, trial, and execution and despise the quislings who accept the official story
An eyewitness speaks publicly for the first time about historys worst launch accident. I saw it traveling horizontally, accelerating as it progressed down the valley, only a few hundred feet off the ground. Wrong way! I yelled, and for the next few seconds I was frozen in my tracks.
Assessing Russian Activities and Intentions in Recent US Elections (PDF)
Unreliable Informants: IP Addresses, Digital Tips and Police Raids. How Police and Courts are Misusing Unreliable IP Address Information and What They Can Do to Better Verify Electronic Tips
The Problem With Understanding Intelligence
Free speech debates are more than radicals vs liberals - Eric Heinze
Chicago is Breaking
Governments around the world shut down the internet more than 50 times in 2016  suppressing elections, slowing economies and limiting free speech
Enemies, A Love Story: Attention-starved and melodramatic, America's Alt Right and their hard-left antagonists may have more in common than they'd admit
President Obama : To get elected, I had to get a lot of money from bankers, hedge fund managers and venture capitalists. I found myself avoiding certain topics, anticipating their expectations. I can't pretend money didn't influence me. I suspect that it's true for every senator.
Leap Second Added To World's Clocks For 2017, And How We Keep That From Screwing Up GPS (Badly)
Tolerance is not a moral precept
Video: Fort Lauderdale Airport False Flag Shooting, January 6, 2017 + Psyop by Government, Police &amp; Media
Ian Greenhalgh @ VeteransToday, Re the Alleged Florida Airport Shooting - Trump is a Zionist asset, all US intelligence agencies have been co-opted by the same Israeli cabal that runs Trump and put him into office - They hacked the US election, and it is they who are trying to blame it on "Putin!"
A Job Is More Than a Paycheck
New evidence indicates Nixon himself tried to sabotage Vietnam War peace talks
Sometimes painful things teach us things we didn't think we needed to know, and recently losing my mom to Cruetzfeld-Jakob Disease (CJD) taught me plenty.
New animal abuse allegations surface at Illinois hog confinement
The birth of half-human, half-animal chimeras. The quest to create animals with human organs has a long history  and it is now becoming a reality. Has science taken a step too far
Elite Opinion vs the Wisdom of Crowds: The Intelligentsias Tendency to Get Things Wrong
The Long, Lonely Quest to Breed the Ultimate Avocado
The United Nations Must Strengthen Its Efforts for Defending Same-Sex Marriage: "The UN, as a global defender of progressive values, must take greater strides for the upholding of marriage equality."
The People Who Evangelized for the 401(k) Now Think Its Made Retirement Much Tougher
Christian charity from Oklahoma rejects $25,667.80+ donation all because the religious leaders of the charity said accepting money from atheists would go against everything they believe in.
Why Men Dont Want the Jobs Done Mostly by Women
The Fight For The Right To Repair
ChemtrailsPlanet.net: The House of Rothschild, Khazarian Mafia Pretend Jews - When an Israeli bleats about the "persecution of Jews," consider every Prime Minister of Israel has been an Ashkenazi non Jew - They claim the land of Israel is theirs by birthright, when their real homeland is Kazakhstan!
Ive left Twitter. It is unusable for anyone but trolls, robots and dictators
Why Geography Is Undermining Democracy Around the World
World Bank's chief economist Paul Romer : For decades, macroeconomics has gone backwards. It's exactly like The Church of Scientology. This isn't science, it's all about defending reputations. The economic models are wrong. I may not be the right person but no one was going to say it. So I said it
Cyberwar for Sale - After a maker of surveillance software was hacked, its leaked documents shed light on a shadowy global industry that has turned email theft into a terrifying  and lucrative  political weapon.
Open Society Needs Defending
The long-lost son who wasn't what he seemeda true story of espionage and deceit.
Image: A Chain of Regularly Spaced Humps on the Flat Martian Plain, photographed by the Opportunity Rover Sol 1074, Jan. 31, 2007 bespeak intelligent design!
Literary Agents - Rethinking the legacy of writers who worked with the CIA.
Nancy Fraser: The End of Progressive Neoliberalism
WashPost Is Richly Rewarded for False News About Russia Threat While Public Is Deceived
The U.S. Government Thinks Thousands Of Russian Hackers May Be Reading My Blog. They Arent.
What the Octopus Knows
NoDisinfo.com: South Carolina Shooting Hoax Proven in Pictures
The Economics of Warfare  "Every hour, taxpayers in the United States are paying an ostentatious $4 million for the war in Afghanistan"
A fish out of water - Can farmers in Iowa help save the world's seafood supply?
All French citizens are now organ donors unless they opt out
The reasons why NYC's subway is so expensive, and why it matters
My Personal Experiences with the Medical Marijuana Business and the Opioid Epidemic The American medical system is nuts!
Guilty White Liberals Are Purchasing Racial Indulgences
Daniel Ellsberg, Edward Snowden, and the Modern Whistle-Blower
Cowardice and Murder .. Australians in Vietnam!
Donald Trump is one of the richest capitalist on earth. Addressing conferences, he gave the following life advice : "Get even. If they screw you, screw them 10 times, 15 times harder. If you have a problem with someone, go after them. If they hit you, hit them harder than they ever thought possible"
Inside The Million-Dollar Get-Rich Doula Clique
PrettyLieorUglyTruth.com: Mayor Joseph P Riley From Mayors Against Illegal Guns aka MAIG Says, Black Church Shooting a "Gun Grab Hoax, Dylann Roof is a Crisis Actor!"
Before the Flood [article about Mosul Dam by New Yorker]
One Man's Quest to Change the Way We Die
What I Learned Tracking Every Mass Shooting in America and Europe in 2016 - VICE
The Rich Already Have a universal basic income. 10 percent of all national income is paid out to the 1 percent as capital income. Why not give it to all as UBI?
How Technology Has Affected Wages for the Last 200 Years
Australian Senator Malcolm Roberts Backs Israel - TerrorGrppe Kurzberg the "Celebrating Jews of 911" and the Mossad cell that spawned them, have been granted haven in Brisbane since the day of the attacks - Bring them to trial &amp; execution with the politicos who granted them safety &amp; Malcolm Roberts
Advice to Ignore
George Plimpton and Papa in Cuba - When Ernest Hemingway agreed to his famous Paris Review interview, he had no idea hed be helping the CIA.
Just Disconnect. Get Bored.
Sugar lobby paid scientists to blur sugar's role in heart disease
Life and death in Yemens war-ravaged hospitals. Surviving even birth is a struggle in Yemen. After nearly two years of war, thousands of children and adults have died from easily treatable diseases, illnesses and injuries as the health-care system collapses.
To Rape is to Want Sex, Not Power
Investigative journalist talks about Mexican drug cartels trying to murder her. Award-winning reporter Anabel Hernandez says the government is lying about its connections to Mexicos drug cartels  and she can prove it
She Faced Cuomo and Got Clemency. He Got a Sense of Her Soul.
Trump And The Batman Effect
"I have a rule that has helped me a lot in life, particularly in my education: If there is a book I am interested in, I buy it. Regardless of the cost. Regardless of whether I have a stack of other things to read. Regardless of whether I have any sort of certainty about whether its any good."
Anatomy of a Hoax
Donald Trump: Jew World Order
The Trump-Era Corporate Boycott
Why does Philippine president Duterte have a 77% approval rating?
U.S. income inequality, on rise for decades, is now highest since 1928
Can Uber Ever Deliver? Latest Data Confirms Bleak Performance While Stephen Levitt Makes Indefensible Consumer Welfare Claims
New Evidence Proves That Nixon Sabotaged Vietnam Peace Talks in 1968. That's Worse Than Watergate
Katana17 - A Brief Opinion Piece on Donald Trump, disclosing his status as a tool of organized Jewry :(
Video: Istanbullsh*t, Decries the Istanbul Nightclub Attack as Fake, and exposes the same Jews and Jewish information services that turn up when events of this nature are reported, who make sure they have copyright over the photographs they release - Zvi Lando named!
The Moon Mining Race Is Getting Serious: Laws and Economics in Play
You Should Never, Ever Leave Your Webcam Uncovered When You Aren't Using It
This website which has tens of millions of viewers is profiting off of original Reddit content without any attribution or reference
The Most Comprehensive Push Notifications Guide and Knowledge Base
David Duke @ YouTube: The Black TransAtlantic Slave Trade was Dominated by Jews - YouTube restrictions have led to removal of all comments on this video - Edit. My plan is to reenslave the black -----
Vice.com Quotes Mass Shootings in the Context of the Alleged San Bernardino &amp; Sandy Hook Massacres, totally in contempt of volumes of evidence decrying both alleged events and numerous others as Zionist inspired hoaxes!
6 Reasons Why You Need to Separate From Your Phone
Barack Obama Wasnt Nearly As Tough on Israel as Republican Presidents
Im Arab and Many of Us Are Glad That Trump Won
Take It From A German: Americans Are Too Timid In Confronting Hate
Russia: Cheerful Propaganda and Hate on Command
Facebook knows a lot about your offline life that it isnt telling you
Anti-Semite and Jew [PDF]
Simon Johnson, Professor of Finance at the MIT and Chief Economist of the IMF : The economy has been looted. This isn't just another crisis, it's a coup. It started with Reagan and they gained power under Bill Clinton. The American governement has been taken over by an oligarchy.
Image: Jews are Behind the ISIS Terror Group
How Many Scientific Papers Just Aren't True?
Nixon's Vietnam Treachery
WorldPolitics XPost: ISIS Claims Responsibility For Istanbul Nightclub Attack That Took Thirty Nine Lives - Yeah but don't we know Zionist Jews are behind the ISIS terror group, in the face of volumes of evidence that assert the alleged event was a False Flag / Hoax!
Putins Real Long Game
The Michigan Left - Federal data shows that over 50% of crossing-path crashes involve left turns while only around 5% involve right turns. So why not just get rid of left turns entirely? It sounds crazy, but some designs aim to do exactly that.
Superintelligence: The Idea That Smart People Refuse to Think About
America Is Finally Ready to Change the Way It Talks About Drugs
Researchers "Translate" Bat Talk. Turns Out, They ArgueA Lot
French workers win legal right to avoid checking work email out-of-hours
The Year of Disruption: From Trump to Brexit to fury over free trade, 2016 upended established ways of doing things  and may have changed how the world works.
This map shows how undersea cables move internet traffic around the world
David Fahrenthold tells the behind-the-scenes story of his year covering Trump
Kitty Dukakis, a Beneficiary of Electroshock Therapy, Emerges as Its Evangelist
Eichmann in Jerusalem I
Investigation of the June 5, 2015 Escape of Inmates David Sweat and Richard Matt (PDF)
Superintelligence The Idea That Eats Smart People
3,000 years ago, it ruled the Mideast, now blown to pieces
Pullitzer Prize Winner : If Trump targets the press, you can thank Obama. I had to fight the Justice Department in a seven year court battle all the way to the Supreme Court. Obama only backed down because he feared the publicity of sending a New York Times journalist to jail. Thank you Obama
"The individualism of the Arab has been erased in this society.. He is incapable of independent thinking." says Arabic Shura Council Member
We Are Living in a Post-Shame WorldAnd Thats Not a Good Thing
Michigan has banned banning plastic bags
This Simple Philosophical Puzzle Shows How Difficult It Is to Know Something
"Archaeology and racism" by Bill Stonehill - About archeology in Japan and how it is used today in Asia to invent racial supremacy narratives
Italian Orchestra Conductor Sacked Following a Performance of Disney's "Frozen," for disclosing Santa Claus doesn't exist - Despite Frozen is in large part lesbian pornography, jolly old Santa Claus is actually Satan :(
NYTimes: Nixons Vietnam Treachery - Despite N was a Ziotool, guilt resides with the Jewish press barons who beat the drums of war in relation to the hoax Gulf of Tonkin Incident, like they did re the False Flag 1898 USS Maine Explosion, the Jew inspired 911 attacks and the FF Pearl Harbor attack :(
Everything Old is New Again: Espionage and Stratagems in Ancient Iraq and Syria
2017: Where is the love?
White House fails to make case that Russian hackers tampered with election
The Obama administration will send $30 billion dollars to Israel, a rich country with healthcare and nuclear warheads. Usually, when someone hands you billions of dollars, you don't demand more. But Israel says it's not enough
Why I No Longer Identify as a Feminist
Peter Boghossian on Critical Thinking, the Atheos App, and the Post-Modern Influence on Universities
Ever Bought Art on a Cruise? Prepare to Be Seasick
Why Nationalism? - Lauren Southern
Suicide kills more U.S. troops than ISIL in Middle East
This is what happens to the bodies of the women you know.
Political correctness: how the right invented a phantom enemy | Moira Weigel | US news
ATT.com: In the Face of Jew Guilt For the 911 Attacks AntiSemtism Becomes a Moral Responsibility - Jews infiltrated German politics and perped the Holocaust in the name of the German ppl, they infiltrated US politics &amp; perped 911, like they infiltrated Turkish politics &amp; perped the Armenian Genocide
What we liked about Carrie Fisher (19562016) was that she seemed inclined to tell the truth, and almost nobody does that, certainly not Hollywood stars.
The Death of Clintonism
The Campus Rape Myth
Google Makes So Much Money, It Never Had to Worry About Financial DisciplineUntil Now
In a Pakistan family, deal is made, a girl is given as bride. A girl may be given away to pay a debt or settle a dispute between feuding families. She might be married to a cousin to keep her dowry in the family or married for the prospect of a male heir.
Is There Even Such a Thing As Oscar Bait?: "Movies are hard to make. They are the product of a thousand decisions and of perseverance in the face of a thousand defeats, and the return-on-investment rate of Oscar hopes is so astonishingly low that to think of it as a driving motive is madness."
The Guardians Summary of Julian Assanges Interview Went Viral and Was Completely False
Google'd Top Trends of 2016
Legendary Capitalist George Soros : Open societies are facing a major crisis. We are now facing a global rise of fascist dictatorships and mafia states. Ordinary people are becoming really angry. Quite simply, people feel elites have stolen democracy
Rethinking how the housing crisis happened
Don't floss, peel veg or wash your jeans: 40 things you can stop doing right now
7 Things To Know About Israeli Settlements
Where Secret Arrests Were Standard Procedure
First, the British empire was a bit less murderous than the empires of Germany and Japan. And secondly, it transferred the idea and practice of constitutional government, and the rule of law, to quite a few parts of world. A brief look at present-day Hong Kong will quickly elucidate this point
New Years Day is fast approaching, and, for many people, that symbolizes hope, new beginnings, fresh opportunities. But for too many others, the idea of facing yet another year is apparently unbearable.
The Fighter
What Graduate School in Theoretical Physics Is Really Like
2016: The Year We Stopped Listening To Big Techs Favorite Excuse
Queensland's New Cannabis Laws Will Not Allow Access For Medical Use, which is what ppl want insofar as it is a proven cancer inhibitor and is known to reverse the symptoms of Alzheimer's &amp; Parkinson's disease - This is cruel and inhumane legislation that prevents access to life saving medication :(
North Korea's Got a Big Crystal Meth Problem
Trump fans' 'Deploraball' party shows rift in alt-right movement
Joint Analysis Report published today by FBI and DHS. Details and documents the breadth and depth of Russian cyber-attacks both on the US and abroad
What Your Dust Says About You: Every unswept corner of a home tells its own story..
Trump team says they'll kill open Internet "as soon as possible"
Democrats' Religion Problem
A young journalist tells his story of losing his mom in a horrific accident and how he used his career as a crutch.
How Women in Media Missed the Womens Vote
Yahoo.com: Patricia Krenwinkel Seeks Parole, 47 yrs after she admitted complicity in the Tate / LaBianca Murders - She was an alleged disciple of snuff film performer Charles Manson, whose career flourished under the tutelage of rapist snuff producer Jew Roman Polanski husband of the slain Miss Tate
Using TV Shows To Visualize The US Cultural Divide
Does Privatization Serve the Public Interest?
There is a widely reported threat to our economy: robots are going to replace human workers. It is nothing new In 1930, Keynes, the famous economist introduced the term technological unemployment
Everything Is (Still) Awesome!
A Legacy of Crisis: Rio After the Olympics
Trumps International System: A Speculative Interpretation | "a foreign policy that will use Americas might for the direct benefit of the country in a unilateral and transactional fashion, instead of defending liberal norms and institutions in a multilateral or alliance setting"
TheBurningBloggerofBedlam.com - Scotland Yard Has Been Covering Up VIP Pedophile Rings and Child Sex Abuse for Thirty Five yrs - The police are protecting "untouchable" VIP's, and systematically shutting down inquiries that threaten to penetrate to the very core of British Government &amp; Elite Circles
Duck Dynasty vs. Modern Family: TV shows strong predictors of Trump or Clinton support
You probably know to ask yourself, What do I want? Heres a way better question: How do you choose to suffer?
General Ehud Barak, Supreme Commander of the Israeli Defense Forces and ex-Prime Minister : I'm alarmed to what's happening to this country. My children should leave. They will decide where they want to live. It may take time, but it's coming. Israel has been infected by the seeds of fascism
President Obama Signs Defense Bill Establishing Government Anti-Propaganda Center
Image Montage: Curiosity Mars Rover Sol 1073, Geometric square anomalies indicate intelligent design, square cut masonry with diagonal etching shows where a diamond power saw disc cut too deeply on the X &amp; Y axis! [1920 x 914 pixels.]
The Fighter - The Marine Corps taught Sam Siatta how to shoot. The war in Afghanistan taught him how to kill. Nobody taught him how to come home.
Prison tattoos: A statistical analysis of the art on convicts' bodies
Stephen Schwarfzman eats $400 crabs and he is worth over ten billion dollars. You wouldn't think he has much to complain about. He warns that proposals to increase taxes on people like him are comparable to Adolf Hitler's invasion of Poland in 1939
Powerful photos visualize slow creep of climate change in Louisiana
The term fake news isnt just annoying, its a danger to democracy
Coretta Scott King's 1986 statement and testimony on Jeff Sessions' U.S. District Court nomination in Alabama
Kalos opioid overdose drug went from $690 to $4,500and senators want answers
The Next Big Blue-Collar Job Is Coding
How an unassuming bureaucrat outsmarted Jamie Oliver and pulled off an honest-to-god miracle in one of America's unhealthiest cities.
Pugs are anatomical disasters. Vets must speak out  even if its bad for business
The Lesson of Nordstrom: Do Business With the Trumps or Else - by former chief White House ethics lawyer
What Does Free Speech Require?
The Preacher and the Sheriff: A young, shackled black man is shot to death  and the police say he killed himself. The resulting investigation has pitted the victims father against the most powerful man in New Iberia, La.
Fake news, hacked mail, alternative facts  thats old hat for climate scientists
What Scientific Term or Concept Ought To Be More Widely Known? : Russell Conjugation
Naomi Klein explains why climate deniers deny: Accepting and addressing climate change will curtail the free market and right wing policies.
Who's Still Fighting Climate Change? The U.S. Military
Are We on the Verge of Another Civil War?
I ran Into US Serial Killer Israel Keyes in Nimbin Australia in 2009, the bag of marijuana I bought from him at cost had a stone in it to make up the weight - I met British Serial Killer Dennis Andrew Nilsen in Brisbane in 1973, the dude he was with a local lad who had done time was never seen again
The Long, Slow Trek To Get Americans To Eat Camel Meat
Homeland Security Secretary floats plan to ask US visitors for social media passwords
Feeling Pressure All the Time on Europes Treadmill of Temporary Work
How to stop an autocracy
600 Miles in a Coffin-Shaped Bus, Campaigning Against Death Itself - Zoltan Istvan ran for president with a modest goal in mind: human immortality.
Can Our Political Institutions Handle Our Political Divisions?
Meet the Woman Who Helps Humanize Murderers
Why a hate crime survivor tried to save the life of his would-be killer
Here's the "gig economy": Uber drivers who sleep in their cars
The psychology of evil | Philip Zimbardo
Solving the mystery of the Druze  a 2,000-year-old odyssey
The macho, violent culture of Italian fascism was prophetic  Jay Griffiths | Aeon Essays
Why the Lefts Next Best Step Is a Basic Income
What really happened when Swedes tried six-hour days?
Black, Latino Two-Parent Families Have Half The Wealth Of White Single Parents
Before the Wall: Life Along the U.S.-Mexico Border
The Big Reason Whites Are Richer Than Blacks in America
Arctic 2.0: What happens after all the ice goes?
There are over 320 million people in America. But only 158 families - less than 0.0001% of the population - have paid half of presidential campaign spending. How much power do they have ? They are worth several billion dollars. Here are their names
The Politically Correct Presidency of Donald Trump
The Darkest Town In America
How corporate dark money is taking power on both sides of the Atlantic
A rash of invisible, fileless malware is infecting banks around the globe
Hillary Clinton's video is unbelievably patronising. The best thing women can do is ditch gender politics | The Independent
The Comforts of the Betsy DeVos War
Backing Into World War III - America must check the assertive, rising powers of Russia and China before its too late.
Serial Killers Should Fear This Algorithm
Face-Blind: Why are some of us terrible at recognizing faces? By Oliver Sacks
The U.S. military's stats on deadly airstrikes are wrong. Thousands have gone unreported
Radical Islam's Political Agenda: Liberal Naivety and Denial Endangering Europe and The U.S.
I Helped Create the Milo Trolling Playbook. You Should Stop Playing Right Into It.
2017 Murrows Entry - News Series: Gerrymandering in New Hampshire
Income share for the bottom 50% of Americans is collapsing, new Piketty research finds
Oklahoma Lawmakers File Bills To Repeal Criminal Justice Reforms
A British blogger crowdfunded his way to the Inauguration of Trump. A thoughtful reflection on the weekend and the people he met.
Not Everyone in Tech Cheers Visa Program for Foreign Workers
Maneuvering a new reality for US journalism
Why Do We Keep Using the Word Caucasian?
Iran's Leader Ayatollah Khamenei Thanks Trump for Showing the True Face of America
The Strategic Suicide of Aligning With Russia in Syria
XPost tttt0ttt @ White Rights: We are being threatened from above and below, above we've got rich Jews who are intent on socially engineering the white race out of existence - Below the blacks and other non white races are being used as tools by the Jews to carry forward their plan of white genocide
The head of Trumps business council doesnt serve american workers. Stephen Schwarzman is owner and CEO of Blackstone, the largest private equity firm in the world. A remarkably brilliant and brutal man, he made $799 million dollars in 2015 and is worth over $11 billion dollars
A US-trained scientist was deported, then became the 'father of Chinese rocketry'
This Is the New Face of American Unemployment
NYT Articles on the Terror Attacks the White House Says Weren't Covered
Fueled by Bribes, Somalias Election Seen as Milestone of Corruption
The Second Avenue Subway Is Here! The dbut of New Yorks newest train line took place at noon on New Years Dayninety-seven years after it was first conceived
Trump's America: Democracy at the Tipping Point - SPIEGEL ONLINE - International
Politics are a mess, let's hand it over to software  that's the idea of a re-districting bill
Foreign Aid: How to Make Sure Taxpayers Get Results Rather Than Rhetoric
"President Trump loves to set the days narrative at dawn, but the deeper story of his White House is best told at night."
The Electoral Fix We Really Need
Trump says terror attacks 'under-reported': Is that true?
How to Beat Trump: Some advice from the right to the left, on how to effectively oppose the current president
"The big lesson of Trump's first 2 weeks: resistance works"
Using Stealth, and Drones, to Document a Fading Hong Kong
The U.S. Government Turned Away Thousands of Jewish Refugees during WWII, Fearing That They Were Nazi Spies
The best and worst countries in the world when it comes to air pollution and electricity use (INDIA is everywhere)
Mathematical issues in electoral districting
The West Isnt Ready for a Revolution
Rule by brute force: The true nature of Government.
Dear Reader: Youre An Idiot
Whats been happening in politics.
This American woman has given birth to 2 children while being held hostage in Afghanistan. Why are they still there?
Democracy Wins One as a Federal Court Strikes a Big Blow Against Gerrymandering
Nonviolent Struggle, 50 Crucial Points; a Strategic Approach to Everyday Tactics from the Center for Applied NonViolent Action and Strategies
The CIA's New Deputy Director Ran a Black Site for Torture
Liberalism and Legitimacy
Fake news for liberals: misinformation starts to lean left under Trump | Media
Mathematics: The only true universal language
The Revolution That Didn't Happen (on the failure of new age mysticism and its physics)
Slate.com Beats the "White Extremists" Drum in the Context of the Hoax 2012 Sikh Temple Shooting, and the False Flag 1995 Oklahoma City Bombing - Spurning evidence the OKC Bomb was a nuke, that Timothy McVeigh executed for his alleged role in the affair was a patsy .. twenty one False Flag shootings
How to be an American: Syrian refugees find a home in Trump country
Trump ignorant of current immigation vetting - No country in the world today has a more exhaustive review of refugee backgrounds.
For every dollar California pays in federal taxes, it gets ten cents back in spending. Meanwhile, failed states such as Utah take in 5 dollars for every buck they pay. This system is unfair, unsustainable, and a travesty to national progress and unity.
The giant shoulders of English - The advantages of having a scholarly lingua franca should not obscure the disadvantages
AI and the Ghost in the Machine: Why Artificial Intelligence Doesn't Feel Intelligent
For Trump, 'We Have a Lot of Killers' Isn't a Criticism
Trump sets Democratic field ablaze with anger
Save the Environmental Protection Agency! Save our world for our future selves and our children!
Green tea compound may halt molecular cause of often-fatal condition
Is America enriching the world at its own expense? Thats globaloney.
US government takes animal-welfare data offline - The US Department of Agriculture will no longer make lab inspection results and violations publicly available, citing privacy concerns.
US military studied how to influence Twitter and Reddit users in Darpa-funded research
During World War II, the U.S. Saw Italian-Americans as a Threat to Homeland Security
The FBI Has Quietly Investigated White Supremacist Infiltration of Law Enforcement
House Rejects AntiSemitism Bill: In the face of Jewish guilt for the 911 attacks antiSemitism becomes a moral imperative - Jews from the Mossad cell holed out in Brisbane Au. were hoppin' about in glee filming as the WTC Towers turned to dust, I want to hop about when they die in the gas chamber
The state of residential solar power
Why we need to redefine the cure for cancer
Trucker316 Gets Covered in White Dust Resembling Asbestos Coming From Work on a Nearby Roof - Exposure to asbestos causes mesothelioma that takes up to 50 yrs to manifest - In the old days T316 would contact the union which would ensure relevant safety protocols were in place before work went ahead
Video: My Pen is My Sword - David Icke says the US Constitution does not allow "Executive Orders," whereas "the President shall take care the laws be faithfully executed - Icke quotes EO's in place that abolish private ownership &amp; institute forced labor should Congress declare a State of Emergency
Everything you never want to know about bellybutton lint
The FBI Is Building A National Watchlist That Gives Companies Real Time Updates on Employees
The psychology of why Americans are more scared of terrorism than guns, though guns are 3,210 times likelier to kill them
A Dilemma From History: Stark Inequality or Total War
Despite indoctrination, a college degree may still be the best path out of poverty
David Frum, ex Bush speech writer says Americans are underestimating the dystopian future possible under Trump
Hate speech is free speech
What Steve Bannon really wants
The Trump Administration Will Be Great for Telecom Giants (and Terrible for Internet Users)
Nebraska farmers, ranchers wary of Trump ending NAFTA, which has quadrupled U.S. AG exports
Don't Politicize the Failed Yemen Raid
The Pain of a Donald Trump Presidency: "America first" has been the order of the day for the past two weeks since Donald Trump became the new U.S. president and divided his country. What do we know about his inner circle? And what role does Steve Bannon, his chief ideologist, play?
Study Shows More Reasons Why Belly Fat is Dangerous for the Heart
TheGuardian.com Cries Tears of Blood Over "Stalins Great Terror of 1937 &amp; 1938" - Not mentioning Jew Lazar Kaganovich was the real master of the Kremlin during the Stalin era, or that the Communist / Bolshevik movement was devised and executed by Jewish master minds all the way to Marx &amp; Trotsky
Chinese factory replaces 90% of human workers with robots. Production rises by 250%.
The Affiliate marketing Base
"This Is Not a Dialogue : Not Just Free Speech, but Freedom Itself"
This Is Your Brain on Kafka
An immigrant penned a beautiful open letter to her country of residence about why she's leaving.
What we knowand dont knowabout the declining labor force participation rate
The Great American Bubble Machine - Rolling Stone's 2010 Article on Goldman Sachs
CNN.com Beats Scott Kelly's Drum - He says he spent 340 days in Earth orbit aboard the International Space Station, a claim that has been widely repudiated
A drug company hiked the price of a lifesaving opioid overdose antidote by 500 percent
Use of Ad-Blocking Software Rises by 30% Worldwide
Afghan Family Flies Into U.S Airport With No Security Issue, TOLOnews reports
The disempowered left now faces its own kinds of hoaxes and fables.
Will This Man Take Down Donald Trump?
First Shipment by Self Driving Truck - October 20, 2016 the SDT went from Fort Collins thru Denver to Colorado Springs with a cargo of beer, there was no driver in the front seat for the entire 120 miles trip
The Intercept releases 200 classified FBI documents. These include internal rules on informants, the use of mass surveillance, investigations on white supremacy in law enforcement, demands for online data, racial profiling for the targeting of terrorists, and the spying of journalists.
Censored @ R/Environment - "Scientists Marvel at Arctic Warmth!"
House votes to repeal rule restricting gun sales to the severely mentally ill
A healthy work limit is 39 hours per week, study shows
Progressive Cities vs. Conservative States
The Biggest Protest in Romania Since 1989 - During that unrest, which led to the murder of President Nicolae Ceausescu and his wife Elena and the installation of a Zionist approved Government on Christmas Day that year - Thousands of flags with the center part removed appeared all over the country
The Purpose of Sleep? To Forget, Scientists Say
Chronology: the Liberals on electoral reform
How Steve Bannons bible explains Trumps first 2 weeks as president
Getting Away With It: "Trump, Cosby, OReilly: How predators, harassers, and abusers maintain their power and get victims to keep their mouths shut" (warning: detailed description of alleged sexual assault, also Roger Ailes's genitals)
Copper is key in burning fat
Refugees are already vigorously vetted. I know because I vetted them.
It's Not Your Speech, Milo: Understanding the UC Berkeley Protests
Single-member representation does not reflect our democratic values
China Gains on the U.S. in the Artificial Intelligence Arms Race
How U.S. Drug Policy Looks to the Rest of the World
How a hackneyed romantic ideal is used to stigmatise polyamory
America Needs to Get Over its Reverence for the Bachelor's Degree
Angela Merkel is now the leader of the free world, not Donald Trump.
Prof Screams at the NYPD Because They Didnt Beat Up Nazi Gavin McInnes
Universal child care, a basic income, and 4 other radical policies that almost became law
My dad predicted Trump in 1985 - it's not Orwell, he warned, it's Brave New World
Despite public response to social media addiction, LEGO further indoctrinates the youth with a platform for those too young for IG, FB
Randazza: Support Trump's Pledge to Let Churches Engage in Politics
How Psychologists Determine Whether Someone Is Faking Insanity
Republican redistricting is taking a beating in the courts, right now
The sharing economy as it relates to trust, efficiency and privacy. What if we broadened feedback and ratings?
At Home With the Couple That Launched the Doomsday Bunker Industry -- Today, refurbished missile silos are selling for millions of dollars to buyers preparing for societal collapse. Ed and Dianna Ricke-Peden started the trend  but believe their structures can do more than simply provide shelter.
Reddit considers Ebola as an African country and that is really strange!
This Whistleblower Faced Death Threats for Exposing the Atrocities Committed on American Show Horses
The Coming War on China
Our Schumpeter columnist pens a dark farewell: In 1942 Joseph Schumpeter warned that capitalism might not survive. A surge of populism means it is once more in danger
Why the voting age should be lowered to 16
Trumps Grand Strategic Train Wreck
The Russian Buddhists v the billionaire
Where will Neil Gorsuch fall on financial issues?
How an editor allegedly used Vice Canada to recruit drug mules for a global smuggling ring
The Statue of Liberty was modeled after an Arab woman
Scaling startup culture
Holland: A woman doctor needed the family of a patient who "fought desperately in an attempt not to be killed," to hold her down while she carried out a euthanasia procedure - The Dutch Royal Family and the upper echelons of Dutch society are alleged to be involved in Satanism &amp; child sacrifice
If there's anything more remarkable than the fact that five states are debating "Right to Repair" bills that make it legal for you to fix your own property, it's that these bills are needed in the first place.
Arctic Warmth Instills "Disbelief" Among the Scientific Community - The alleged disbelievers are nuthin' but paid bullsh*tters who know full well Weather Warfare incorporating HAARP, Chemtrails and VLF/ELF Radio Transmitters is at the heart of the phenomenon
California Madness: Hypocritical Coastal Elites Soak Middle Class
Kamala Khan Who Defaced a Portrait of Donald Trump Achieves American Superhero Status - If she were a real Moslem she would "cast truth at falsehood" as per the edict in the Koran - Hitler was a Jew the H'caust was an inside job, Jews &amp; American traitors perped the 911 attacks, abortion is genocide
Trump filed for reelection in 2020 on Jan. 20th 2017. This means that he, acting as candidate instead of president, can receive large sums of money from citizens as "donations" and nonprofits such as the ACLU and Planned Parenthood can not "campaign" against him without risk losing nonprofit status
The Depp Conundrum: Who Should Keep Tabs on the Money?
Republicans move to sell off 3.3m acres of national land
Sure, call Trump a Nazi. Just make sure you know what youre talking about. [written by Mike Godwin]
The Debate Over Drug Use in Mountaineering
My Parents Mixed Messages on the Holocaust
The Data That Turned the World Upside Down
When Harlem Unemployment Pays for Midtown Luxury
Fast food packaging contains potentially harmful chemicals that can leach into food. Researchers tested more than 400 samples from 27 fast food chains throughout the country.
Layoffs Taboo, Japan Workers Are Sent to the Boredom Room
What is the secret to Tokyos affordable housing?
The Immigration Ban is a Headfake, and Were Falling For It, by Jake Fuentes
Why Trumps Wall is not racist, the Muslim ban is, and why the difference matters
Bill Maher: Liberals, We Lost Because We're Offended All The Time And We Act Like Emasculated Husbands
This could be the first observational evidence that our early Universe was once a hologram Wha??
The self-righteous backlash to Trump's immigration ban could play into his hands
Whatever happened to the public intellectual? Philosophy used to be a staple of television and the newspapers. Not any longer. So where did all the philosophers go?
Public Employees: Dont Quit. Get Fired.
The Real Holocaust of WW2, the Genocide of 15+ Million Germans - The ghastly truth of the Jew orchestrated plundering, mass rape, mass murder, and subjugation of the German people in the latter days and aftermath of World War Two .. which continues to this day
Who supplies the news? On misreporting in Syria and Iraq
Pants For the Cost of A Postage Stamp, A Conversation with Jacob Yazejian, Used Clothing Exporter
Op-ed: A scientists march on Washington is a bad idea.
Fear, American Style
Steve Bannon Is Making Sure Theres No White House Paper Trail, Says Intel Source
Suspect in Quebec Mosque Attack Quickly Depicted as a Moroccan Muslim. Hes a White Nationalist.
John Arnold Made a Fortune at Enron. Now He's Declared War on Bad Science
We Must Break Out of the Social Media Echo Chamber
Bag-like sea creature was humans oldest known ancestor
This news breaks to supporters of all people who supports by knowing the hard truth
Trumps Immigration Order Could Affect Thousands Of College Students.
Obama's Secret to Surviving the White House Years: Books
SSC reviews Eichmann In Jerusalem
Utah would adopt a system of runoff elections under new proposal
The Youth Group That Launched a Movement at Standing Rock. In the fight over the Dakota Access Pipeline, Native American activists achieved one of the most galvanizing environmental victories  and it all began with a group of teenagers.
How Donald Trump Could Build an Autocracy in the U.S
It took 3 years for George W. Bush to hit 50% disapproval. Trump is there after 8 days.
During the 1980s and 1990s, gangs of teenagers in Sydney, Australia hunted gay men for sport, sometimes forcing them to jump off cliffs to their deaths.
They Thought They Were Free
The warrior monks who invented banking
President Obama directed the CIA to assassinate an American citizen despite the fact that he was never charged - let alone convicted of - any crime. He executed civilian families and his 16 year old son. President Trump just killed his 8 year old sister in another strike.
How populism taps into the human desire for punishment - a psychologist explains
3 Ways to Get Rid of President Trump Before 2020
Donald Trump's Muslim Ban is despicable, heartless...&amp; very popular with Americans.
Letter to a Trump Supporter
How to Build an Autocracy
The forgotten way African Americans stayed safe in a racist America
The Chinese man trapped in India for half a century
Donald Trumps cut in federal funding for arts and humanities education is an attack on reason itself
Every week I tell somebody that their disability has a psychological cause. When they ask me how I have come to that conclusion, all I can provide is a list of test results. When a person is paralyzed or blind, it is not difficult to see why they find that a very unsatisfactory explanation
Why the West is blind to Russian propaganda
The last 24 hours. Trial Balloon for a Coup?
Trumps Immigration Ban Is Already Harming U.S. Science. Even in Iran, you have this picture of America as a dreamland. But for people like me, this isnt the America we imagined.
The Crimes of SEAL Team 6 [long form]
Trial Balloon for a Coup?
PJ Watson Says Obama Did This Obama Did That - Not mentioning Obama who allegedly murdered his white grandmother and two of his homosexual paramours prior to becoming President, was being blackmailed by another of his alleged paramours Mossad spy and current Mayor of Chicago his ex COS Rahm Emanuel
Trump's first week is a clarifying moment in history. His actions show is consolidating power and he intends to lead by executive order rather than legislative compromise.
Is Donald Trump Just a Pawn in Steve Bannons Game? Trump is a blunt instrument for us, Bannon told Vanity Fair last summer. I dont know whether he really gets it or not.
Bannon gets a permanent seat on the National Security Council, while the director of national intelligence and chairman of the joint chiefs are told they'll be invited occasionally.
Katie Pavlich: Dems' tiresome tantrums
Stopping Fake News and Media Bias, According to Russian Americans
2017 Begins with Ranked Choice Voting Legislation in Nine States
The secret trade in baby chimps.
The Big (Ag) Cover-Up: Will Factory Farming Finally Stop Its Culture of Abuse?
How the Internet got Donald Trump elected
Department of Homeland Security will perform global country-by-country review of visa policies within the next 30 days. Countries will have 60 days to comply with new requirements.
The Fate of a Leg of a Statue of Saddam Hussein - "Kai Kobold, a German antiques dealer, recently sold what he believes to be the left leg of a statue of Saddam Hussein famously toppled by U.S. troops in April, 2003."
Climate change has caused a reproductive justice crisis, activists say, as its projected impacts lead some to question how they could have a baby with such an uncertain future.
Trump is receiving payments from foreign governments, violating part of the US Constitution
A Tale of Two Moralities: Regional Inequality and Moral Polarization
Who was the abandoned man with no memory? - BBC News
Sorry Donald Duck, I will be missing you.
Uber did nothing wrong, but that couldnt stop the liberal outrage of #deleteUber
The Most Widely Read Magazine in the World
Cropdusting in Texas, Has a Super Cool Air Tractor AT-602 With a P&amp;W PT6A-60AG Turbine Engine - The dude loading the hopper sans PPE is exposed to chemicals known to increase rates of brain cancer, autism, infertility, miscarriage, Parkinson's &amp; Alzheimers Diseases, psychosis &amp; multiple sclerosis
Psychology Professor Dan P. McAdams: "try to understand who the president is. And when you learn that there isnt much behind the mask except for these narcissistic goals and authoritarian values, thats important to learn, and it helps you predict what kind of president he is going to be."
What the Bible says about welcoming refugees
This American Carnage
Trumps Muslim Ban Is Culmination of War on Terror Mentality but Still Uniquely Shameful
Trump's new FCC pick poses threat to net neutrality
Trucker Video: Steelyard Blues, Near Miss @ 14:14
The ACLU just won temporary relief blocking parts of Trumps Immigration ban
The Muscovian Candidate? An indepth look at the relationship between Trump and Russia
El Chapo and the Secret History of the Heroin Crisis
Anne Frank and her family were also denied entry as refugees to the U.S.
Trumps Immigration Ban Excludes Countries With Business Ties
The Presidents House Is Empty
Rights groups provide jihad with free services
Late Nite Truck Wash, Ohio - 4:46 Dude in front should be wearing a Hi V vest
Yeah Go Ahead and Blame Obama &amp; Donald Trump - They are patsies for drone strikes and extra judicial killings just like Bush &amp; Cheney are 911 patsies - The Zionists who run US politics put corrupt Gentiles into nominally powerful positions so they have scapegoats on hand to blame for Jew wickedness
What Democracy? Muslim Ban Predates Trump - He Only Made It Public
Allies in Combat, Now Unwanted: Iraqi and Afghan interpreters who helped U.S. troops were eligible for special visas. But an order signed by President Trump has put them in limbo.
Why Russia is about to decriminalise wife-beating
The Much Lauded Fred Korematsu @ NPR.org - He avoided the truth, the Japanese never bombed Pearl Harbor Dec. 7, 1941 it was a replay of the 1898 USS Maine incident that precipitated war between the US and Spain, whereby the US obtained dominion over the Philippines, Hawaii, Cuba, Guam &amp; Puerto Rico
A Perspective on American Fascism
Trumps Real Trade Problem Is Money
A message to my doomed colleagues in the American media
Quebec Mosque Attack - False Flag Inside Job Conspiracy!
Protests and outrage surrounding Trump's Immigration order are effecting how the government is implementing the ban
Malevolence Tempered by Incompetence: Trumps Horrifying Executive Order on Refugees and Visas
The Data That Turned the World Upside Down
Our election system is broken.
How this feminist found herself sympathising with the men's rights movement
The Battle for Late Night Television
Chicago Police Department Goes High-Tech to Fight Rise in Killings
White House Inc Connects Callers to Trump Businesses While White House Comment Line Is Closed
Love and Black Lives, in Pictures Found on a Brooklyn Street
Death in the clouds: The problem with Everests 200+ bodies. They lie frozen in time, thousands of metres above sea level. The grim death toll on Everest is becoming impossible to ignore.
Presidents Before Trump Have Meddled With The EPA  It Didnt Go Well
This Is What It's Like to Come to the United States as a Refugee
The Science Is In: Greater Equality Makes Societies Healthier
In Venezuela, we couldnt stop Chvez. Dont make the same mistakes we did
Watching the Donald show is fun, but look out for the real action offscreen - Niall Ferguson
5-Year Lobbying Ban for Administration Officials
Peter Thiel is one of the richest capitalist on earth. He is worth billions of dollars. He campaigned for Donald Trump and gave him money. He helped Trump become President. But just in case things go wrong in America, he became a New Zealand citizen, got a foreign passport, and built a bunker there
Five Reasons Congress Should Repeal Trumps Immigrant &amp; Refugee Ban
"Placing visa restrictions on certain Muslim majority countries seems to have caused a greater moral outrage than bombing them"
Make America Bohemian Again
Spoiling the 'Spoiler' Effect and Making Elections Better with Ranked Choice Voting. (New Reason ...
Every true Californian should take a moment to look at this.
'You Can't Live in a Museum': The Battle for Greenland's Uranium
Understanding demonetisation: Why theres a war on cash (and you are in the middle of it)
A Better Approach to Violent Crime
In Venezuela, we couldnt stop Chvez. Dont make the same mistakes we did.
The Disastrous Consequences of Trumps New Immigration Rules
Whenever there is an authoritarian coup, people insist that it cant persist because the results are going to be so bad for the people who believe in it. This is never the way it works. There is no political cost for Trump in being contemptuous of truth and reason. This is how he achieved power.
Senator Elizabeth Warren accused JP Morgan CEO Jamie Dimon of engaging in illegal activities. His response ? He leaned back, slowly smiled, and then replied So hit me with a fine. We can afford it"
A deeper look into how PETA functions and the messaging behind their protests. Erika Adams spoke with Christopher Merrow about veganism, animal rights vs anti-cruelty, and how everyday citizens view the organization.
Bre-X: The real story and scandal that inspired the movie Gold
Living in Dangerous Times
If Youre Going to Deport Mexicans, Why Not the Irish?
Reality: Humanity can't indefinitely avoid using nuclear weapons
A Yazidi Refugee, Stranded at the Airport by Trump
Did A Former National Parks Employee Violate The CFAA By Tweeting About Climate Change?
White House Advisor Steven Bannon : We have a brutal form of capitalism creating wealth for very few people. Workers are used and treated like commodities. We need change. "I'm a Leninist. Lenin wanted to destroy the state and thats my goal too. I want to bring everything crashing down"
Flashman Says "My Great Grandparents Were Denied Asylum in Australia &amp; Were Murdered in Auschwitz" - The Jew terrorists who were hoppin' about in glee filming as the WTC Twin Towers came down on 911 have had "asylum" in Brisbane since the day of the outrage - Katherine Schweitzer / Steven Goldsmith
Why Pascals Wager Is Eminently Modern - Facts So Romantic
Trump, Alternative Facts, and Abuse  The Stories
China's Worst Policy Mistake? The Human Side of the One-Child Policy
U.S. Wage Disparity Took Another Turn for the Worse Last Year. The rich-poor pay gap is getting wider.
How a Silicon Valley Campaign Strategy Won it for Trump
Will France Sound the Death Knell for Social Democracy?--As a presidential election approaches this spring, even workers in the countrys rust belt are embracing right-wing populism.
Facts Aren't Enough to Save Liberal Democracy
An American Despot: People with faith in Americas ability to resist Donald Trump havent been paying attention
Twilight Of The Liberal World Order
Unrestrained global capitalism is overwhelming nature and governements. Extreme inequality, climate change and instability are rising everywhere. Make no mistake, the election of Donald Trump is the symptom of a deep systemic crisis. Political Order is breaking down and this can get a lot worse
North Carolina ran one of the largest and most aggressive sterilization programs in the U.S., and now the state is attempting to find and recognize survivors of its eugenics program
Trump's hostile takeover of the American brand
A Dust Over India
Where were the protesters during Obama's eight years of war?
The Other Side Is Not Dumb.
Satire has become a form of entertainment meant to affirm the like-minded, rather than an entertaining form of critique.
How Author Timothy Tyson Found the Woman at the Center of the Emmett Till Case; With a renewed cultural interest in the 1955 murder that catalyzed the 20th century civil rights movement, an interview with the author of a new book who tracked down the long-hidden woman at its center.
This is California's plan to revolt against Donald Trump
6 tactics marketers and salespeople use to persuade you
We Are a Nation of Outlaws
Trump says Syrian refugees arent vetted. We are. Heres what we went through.
"I Was Trained for the Culture Wars in Home School, Awaiting Someone Like Mike Pence as a Messiah"
The (dis)information mercenaries now controlling Trumps databases - Now that Trump, his SuperPACs and even their vendors have got a ton of data on every American, what could they do with that?
Third time's a charm: Singer proposes approval voting bill at start of legislative session
NYDailyNews.com Brings Race Into the Alleged Mass Shootings Phenomenon - In contempt of volumes of evidence not limited to blatantly fake testimony and the presence of crisis actors that proves the alleged events were staged - Twenty One False Flag / Hoax American Shootings
The long history of "Nazi punching" and the return of the "antifas"
True Meaning of Baptism - PT 3 ~ Jennifer Quetant
Professor Scott Aaronson speaks out against Trump's suspension of US visas to people from seven majority-Islamic countries, discussing the future of his Iranian PhD student
How to Lose the War on Terror: the Ripple Effect of banning Syrian Refugees
Why Central Banks Should Offer Bank Accounts to Everyone
The Source: the human cost hidden in that cup of coffee
Fear of a Muslim Planet
The Rise of Finance and The Fall of American Business - Evonomics
Why Fractals Are So Soothing: Art meets Science
Despite no evidence, White House says Trump stands by voter fraud belief
They call it fun, but the digital giants are turning workers into robots. When it comes to anything that involves a human being and a car, van or lorry, the same tracking means productivity must be squeezed out of every second
Regarding Corporate Income Taxes - what would be the best solution to benefit workers? Don't lower them, eliminate them
Voting Should Be Mandatory
On the reception and detection of pseudo-profound bullshit
The $99 Billion Idea: How Uber and Airbnb Fought City Hall, Won Over the People, Outlasted Rivals, and Figured Out the Sharing Economy.
Holocaust My Arse: Gas the Jews who jumped for joy filming Sept. 11, 2001 while Americans died behind locked fire doors at the upper levels of both WTC Towers - There was no Anne Frank if there had been the Zionists who took out the rest of the non Z Jews would have gassed her too - Hitler was a Jew
We Will Miss Antibiotics When Theyre Gone
Study from 2012 now corrected to show liberals, not conservatives, more authoritarian
Dogs &amp; homeless forge a life-saving bond. Its common to see homeless people take dishes of food someone gives them &amp; despite being hungry themselves, divide it in half &amp; give it to their dogs. Its equally common to see homeless in dirty clothing sitting next to their well-groomed dogs.
Is Donald Trump the Next Jimmy Carter?
Why do we fall for fake news?
Donald Trump: His Mothers Son
Trump Knows You Better Than You Know Yourself
Play with the numbers yourself to see why Trump is wrong about the cost of a border wall
How to Culture Jam a Populist in Four Easy Steps | Caracas Chronicles
Get Ready for the First Shocks of Trumps Disaster Capitalism
How to Lose the War on Terror
The Case Against Vladimir Putin: He was a KGB Officer who came to power in 1999 prior to being Boris Yeltsin's Chief of Staff - Yeltsin's rise came after around 160 members of the Russian Legislature were slain inside the Legislative Chamber October 4, 1993 - Putin will be charged as being complicit
With the most recent proposal to defund PBS, it is perhaps appropriate to repost Mr. Rogers' exceptionally eloquent defense of public broadcasting to the US Senate
Politics Behind NYT's Misuse of Language
What really happened to the Marines who disappeared during the last battle of Vietnam?
The Master: How Scientology Works
An Oklahoma Horror Story - The final six days in the life of 37-year-old Army veteran Elliott Earl Williams in a Tulsa County Jail [added video]
Scientific evidences show direct link between poor understanding of the physical world - and paranormal and religious beliefs
Forum editorial: 'Approval voting' for Fargo?
Finding My Heart in the Trump Era
This Bad Lip Reading is really interesting to me. Can anyone do a good lip reading to see what Trump/Obama &amp; Bush/Clinton are actually saying?
How My Grandfathers Proved Their Loyalty to America -- "One was part German. The other was born in Japan. Their stories show a crack in the faade of the Greatest Generation."
Will France Sound the Death Knell for Social Democracy?
How Bruce Lee Exploded a Stereotype With a One-Inch Punch
Rob Johnson : America is in deep trouble. American elites are ready to leave the country. I know several hedge-fund managers buying airstrips and farms because they think they need a getaway
Peak Millennial? Cities Cant Assume a Continued Boost From the Young
Mainers Approve Ranked Choice Voting
belsju@gmail.com /Skype-hfr.jan https://vimeo.com/196459542 [URL=http://tinypic.com/r/24qpsn8/9]View My Video[/URL] /Banknotes bypass bank atm and shop machines Available in Canadian dollar,US dollar, euro ,gbp 20s courier time to usa and europe takes 5/6 days
Donald Trump Is The First President To Turn Postmodernism Against Itself
Knights of Malta head resigns after dispute with Vatican
What's life like in Supermax prison? "The Supermax is life after death," said Hood, who served as ADX warden from 2002 to 2005. "It's long term. ... In my opinion, it's far much worse than death."
XPost: The MLK's in Dallas Update - Zero response from blacks world wide indicates they as a race approve of the murder and of the LK's treachery - The natural counter to which is they are "fair game," and can be shot down like the Luther Kings shot John Kennedy down the moment they are in range
Trumps new FCC chief is Ajit Pai, and he wants to destroy net neutrality
A Psychiatrist Who Survived The Holocaust Explains Why Meaningfulness Matters More Than Happiness
California v. Trump: The fight begins for health care, immigration, and the future of America
Why Trump's Staff Is Lying
When the White Nationalists Came to Washington
Trickle-Down Health Care: How We Could Actually Fix The US Health System
COMMENTARY: Means, goals and consequences of the pro-Kremlin disinformation campaign
Why Trump-Sanders Phenomenon Signals an Oligarchy on the Brink of a Civilization-Threatening Collapse
The most liberal and conservative jobs in America
Obama Stayed Out of the Swamp, and That Hurt Him
San Francisco asks: Where have all the children gone?
What Trump Is Throwing Out the Window
For Widows, Life After Loss: In some cultures, the death of a husband has meant exile, vulnerability, and abuse. But bereaved women are beginning to fight back.
How Franklin Leonard Created the Hollywood List Everyone Wants to Be On
Former Secret Service Agents Howl Foul - The entire Secret Service has been part of the John Kennedy assassination conspiracy since day one - Check Afro Secret Serviceman Abraham Bolden who makes much of his being the first black on the Presidential Protection Detail standing with shooters on the GK
Donald Trump Wants to Torture - This revolting creep had prior knowledge of the 911 attacks as per his Jan. 2000 tome "The America We Deserve," wherein he preempts the official line &amp; names Osama bin Laden as "Public Enemy Number 1" - Except OBL denied guilt as a Moslem as well we know Jews did it
This is Psychological Warfare: Trumps Laugh Track is Tricking America
The US to experience 'dangerous' global warming up to 20 years before most of the rest of the world. The densely populated Northeast will hit 3C of warming when the global average is at 2C, models predict.
How Trump Could Shrink the Government (While Still Keeping the Good Stuff)
Spanish scientists create a 3-D bioprinter to print human skin
How would you feel about a half-human half-chimp hybrid?
Neanderthals Were People, Too - New research shows they shared many behaviors that we long believed to be uniquely human. Why did science get them so wrong?
The Radical Crusade of Mike Pence
All This Stuff About How Donald Trump Will Issue "Executive Orders," is Hype - There is no provision nor statute in the US Constitution that permits such a thing!
Riyadhs claim of wanting peace in Yemen is a fallacy
The Tsar Bell -- The largest bell in the world sits in a courtyard at the Kremlin as a 200-ton tourist attraction. It has never been hearduntil now, using digital tools.
Do Regulations Really Kill Jobs? - Republicans love to blame the Environmental Protection Agency for some of the countrys economic woes. Is that a fair assertion?
NAFTA and other trade deals have not gutted American manufacturing  period
All References to Climate Change Have Been Deleted From the White House Website
Doomsday Prep for the Super-Rich
Doomsday Prep for the Super-Rich
"Two lives in free fall": How Title IX can affect students
Taken: A case of a toddler snatched from a High street Store and the response
What To Do About The Trump Thing
Childish Gambino. Atlanta. Lando Calrissian. Inside the Weird, Industry-Altering World of Donald Glover
A Minority President: Why the Polls Failed, And What the Majority Can Do
Study: Millennials really are making less than their parents did
U.S. Attorney General : We can't prosecute some banks if they break the law because they are too big. If we start bringing criminal charges, it will hurt the economy
Cheapening a Sacred Space: Trump's CIA Speech Was No Way to Honor Sacrifice
Newly declassified Bin Laden documents reveal deeper ties between Al Qaeda and Iran
Is punching Richard Spencer inciting violence or 'American as apple pie'? - The Guardian
You Are Not The Target Audience (a Defense of black block tactics)
Video Smokescreens Yisraeli Guilt For the 911 Attacks &amp; Dumps a Bucket on "Bush &amp; Cheney," who were traitors to the United States for sure but patsies none the less - It blows rogue Jew psychiatrist Steve Pieczenik's whistle, who is wanted in Italy for CIA thence Zionist sponsored terrorism &amp; murder
How To Fight 30 Years For Your Life's Purpose
Is Liberalism The New Face Of Domestic Terrorism?
What So Many People Don't Get About the U.S Working Class
Neo-Nazi Richard Spencer Got PunchedYou Can Thank the Black Bloc
America, You Look Like an Arab Country Right Now
The Past, Present, and Future of the War for Public Opinion
'Mass Flourishing' by Edmund Phelps | book review by Edward L. Glaeser
CGP Grey's Politics in the Animal Kingdom
How To Disable Working of Any Sensor On Android - WhySolution
The night Kansas City baseball came back to life
The Rise of Trump and Isis Have More in Common Than You Might Think
Nobody stealing your jobs, you spend too much on wars, Alibaba founder tells US
Australia: The Canberra Times Toots Pauline Hanson's Flute - From here it looks like the Times and Hanson are soft on terrorism, else there is another reason they have remained mute in the face of the Queensland &amp; Australian Governments granting Mossad and Tamil terrorists right of way
What Do You Do if a Red State Moves to You?--Many Americans woke up after the election to discover that they lived in Trump Country. In one corner of Wisconsin, shocked liberals cant escape an uneasy feeling: They were the reason why.
How I turned a traffic ticket into the constitutional trial of the century
Fewer and lonelier: Why the celibate priesthood is in crisis
Dear Mr. Putin, Lets Play Chess: A Unified Theory of Russia's attack on the West
What changes will Donald J. Trump make to our education system? An honest look at his vision.
The Impossible Burger aims to revolutionize the way we eat
Plato predicts fall of democracy to tyranny
Jesus christ, this gif of Melania at the inauguration is more chilling than any news story about Trump that we've seen yet. Um ... discuss?
In a Rust Belt Town, the Womens March Draws Shrugs and Cheers From Afar
Man Boasts Of Sexual Assault, Later Inaugurated 45th President Of United States
Punching Richard Spencer
They Called Her Mrs. Sherlock Holmes: The mysterious case of the first female U.S. District Attorney, and the morbid murder investigation that put her on the map
LA Review of Books - "America, America" A look at how we ended up with Trump. What it means and what we can do about it.
It would mean so much if you could donate/share
JournalNeo Beats the Berlin Christmas Attack Drum, in contempt of evidence the entire affair was yet another False Flag / Hoax - Germans spurn clear evidence of Jewish guilt for the attacks of September 11, 2001, and accept the blame for the Holocaust despite Hitler &amp; all of the top Nazis were Jews
History isn't a 'useless' major. It teaches critical thinking, something America needs plenty more of
How the Sugar Industry Shifted Blame to Fat
Taser Internationals training materials warn that its weapons can cause death, but the company has released statements stressing that they are generally safe and effective.
20 ways to defend democracy from authoritarianism, according to a Yale historian
The Women's March and the Limits of Protest
How to do what you love and make good money
In Navient Lawsuits, Unsettling Echoes of Past Lending Crisis
A pharmaceutical company has settled a $100 million lawsuit with the FTC for engaging in anti-competitive behaviour that allowed them to increase the price of a drug by 85,000%.
Donald Trump Touts the Official 911 Line in His January 2000 Tome "The America We Deserve" - "I am convinced we are in danger of a terror attack that will make the 1993 WTC Bombing look like firecrackers, a shadowy figure named Osama bin Laden is Public Enemy Number 1" - Too damn cute, Jews did it
UnReddit/r/Anarchism: It is OK to Punch Nazis &amp; ISIS Supporters - Get stuck right into George Soros then, he's the one funding ISIS which is the Israel Secret Intelligence Service in any case, who as a teenage Nazi in Hungary during WW2 "cataloged" the possessions of Jews sent to Auschwitz
The Scientist Who Shot His Photos with a Gun and Inspired Futurism
Trump will have to decide who builds the first exascale supercomputer: Europe, China, Japan, or the U.S.
Jack Kennedy Schlossberg Grandstands at the Kennedy Center Honors - Too bad this wretched creature lacks the courage to speak the truth re the murders of Senator Robert &amp; President John Kennedy, and the highly suspicious plane crash that took out his kinsman John F Kennedy Jr his wife &amp; her sister
Slate: Oregon Has One of the Worst Criminal Justice Systems in the US - Things are no better in Washington State, the matter of alleged Green River Killer Gary Ridgway who claims seventy one kills is a case in point
As with tradition, President Obama leaves a letter for his successor in the Oval office before he departs.
Market Forces, Not Ideology, Drive Colleges to Cut American-History Requirements
Inside Putin's Information War. An article demonstrating the unexpected media sophistication behind modern Russian propaganda
Why America Has a President Instead of an Exalted Highness
If you were an elephant
Why The Alt-Right Is Right - The Critique
Virus of the Mind  How Memetics is Leading to the Next Paradigm Shift
How the power of psychographic advertising helped Trump and Brexit win - advertising firm used by both campaigns claims to have as many as 3,000 to 5,000 data points on each of us
Technological progress alone wont stem resource use
Life  2017 Edition
Taibbi Reviews Thomas Friedman's 'Thank You for Being Late'
Democrats in the Wilderness: Inside a decimated partys not-so-certain revival strategy.
Buzz Aldrins Death Bed Confession - "The Moon Landing Was Faked!"
How Deutsche Bank Made a $462 Million Loss Disappear
Voat: MT Meets The Don .. at six years of age on a Saturday afternoon father says to get ready, Donald Bradman was on his way and I would be entertaining him :(
How the Fake News Crisis of 1896 Explains Trump. William Jennings Bryan, the populist presidential hopeful, warned of an epidemic of fake news in his day.
How the town of Whitefish defeated its neo-Nazi trolls  and became a national model of resistance
The Trouble with Quantum Mechanics
In Iceland, teenage smoking, drinking and drug use have been radically cut in the past 20 years. Here's how they did it, and why other countries wont follow suit.
Orion Magazine | Dark Ecology
Yes, Trumps Cabinet is super rich. Thats not why we should be worried.
"We are the Last Defense," Daron Acemoglu on Trump's election.
Who is Anna-Senpai, the Mirai Worm Author?
2016's New Temperature Record Proves Climate Change Is Moving Disturbingly Fast. This is now the fifth time that the temperature record has been shattered in the current century
Diarrhea, Drunkenness And Dead Birds: 200 Years Of Inaugural Mishaps
Video: Lesbian Fever, Lauren Southern Seeks Gender Non Binary Status, she says she is attracted to girls and wants to be identified as a man
Libor scandal: the bankers who fixed the worlds most important number. With arrogant disregard for the rules, traders colluded for years to rig Libor, the banks lending rate. But after the crash, the regulators were on their trail.
WorldNewsDaily.com: Sir Paul McCartney Refutes Ringo Starrs Assertion he Died in 1966 - Stating "Ringo is growing senile and losing his mind, he could just invent crap about himself without implicating me in his delirium" - Billy Shears, Sergeant Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band leader mentioned
Student Debt Payback Far Worse Than Believed
The Real Story Of 2016
Too much sitting, too little exercise may accelerate biological aging
Reporters flocked to a campus controversy but missed its surprising conclusion
How The War On Drugs Is One Long Human Rights Violation. Health officials speak out against a global drug policy gone horribly wrong
Into the Abyss: Why the Local Food Movement Needs to Stop Congratulating Itself
I am here now, in this other country, the place that should be my home
NewsMax: Ferguson Protesters Now Protesting Over Not Getting Paid - They were promised up to $5,000 per month to loot, rape, riot &amp; burn and got nuthin' - George Soros stiffed 'em is who, the Missouri cops shoulda shot 'em down on the streets
Do high-deductible plans make the health care system better?
How statistics lost their power - and why we should fear what comes next
How Racism Was First Officially Codified in 15th Century Spain
There's Nothing Inhuman About Inhumanity: the perils of dehumanizing violent criminals
White America is quietly self-segregating
TheHill: Rogue General Colin Powell Gets on Bill Clinton's Case Over "Bimbos" - Powell stood by as US Secretary of State when Jews attacked America on 911, he should be charged, tried &amp; hanged for cowardice in the face of the enemy - Alongside every member of successive Presidential administrations
Govt. Standardized Achievement Testing: The Albatross Of American Education
Obama Hoped to Transform the World. It Transformed Him.
JNJ.org: Israel Did 911 - Islam Was Framed by Zionist Jews in the United States Government and in Fake Israel
Inequality Is Killing The American Dream - Decades of rising income inequality and slowing economic growth have eroded a pillar of the American dream: the hope that each generation will do better than the one that came before.
Dysfunction Disorder
Colombias other war
The Gentrification of City-Based Sitcoms
New Yorker: The Deportees Taking Our Calls
Syria: Obama's Unforgivable Mistake
Animals Were Harmed: Hollywood's Nightmare of Death, Injury, and Secrecy Exposed
Notorious Mercenary Erik Prince Is Advising Trump From the Shadows
I quit fishing after an encounter off Perth made me realise I was an arsehole
Are we living in a time of unprecedented peace? Examining Steven Pinkers The Better Angels of Our Nature: Why Violence Has Declined and what it might say about global violence in the age of Trump
Ten Principles of Conservatism
Don't Blame Davos Man for Globalization's Limits
To Obama With Love, and Hate, and Desperation -- Over eight years, through millions of letters, the staff of the White House mailroom read the unfiltered story of a nation.
Big Sugar's Secret Ally? Nutritionists
The Romans Tried to Save the Republic From Men Like Trump. They Failed -- "How to counter the new speech of the charismatic demagogue by practicing politics that people can identify with is the puzzle that Rome finally failed to solve."
Rebuilding legitimacy in a post-truth age: "The fundamental crisis of the post-truth age ... is not the explosion of fake news, or even existential doubts about the truth itself (which are always present), but rather a crisis of legitimacy: Whom and what to trust."
The African American Roots of Betsy DeVos's Education Platform
How Britain tried to influence the US election in 1940
Kompromat and the Danger of Doubt and Confusion in a Democracy
How the U.S. Military Sees the Anti-ISIS Fight
From Headline to Photograph, a Fake News Masterpiece
Noam Chomsky Talks Trump, Free Speech, and the Virtues of Resistance -- " The peak of Western civilization in many ways was Germany in the 1920s in the arts, the sciences, and even as a model for democracy. Within 10 years, it had descended to the depths of barbarism in a post-fact society."
CNBC @ Twitter: JFK Learned the Hard Way - Despite the veiled threat millions in politics, news broadcasting, the CIA, the FBI, the Secret Service, in Texas and in the US AG's Office, will need to defend capital charges either as primary conspirators or for perpetuating the assassination cover up
The Shadow Network of Anti-Vax Doctors Many both mainstream and alternative doctors help patients avoid or delay vaccines. Trumps rhetoric might empower them further.
Who Really Killed the Public Option?
The True Story of the Fugitive Drug Smuggler Who Became an Environmental Hero
Republicans Plan to Roll Back Parts of the Landmark Endangered Species Act
To Obama With Love, and Hate, and Desperation
Blinders to the Left, Klans on the Right: Scottish and Celtic Studies in Trump's America
Apocalypse Whatever  Real Life
Food Stamp Fables: The New York Times front-page attack on food stamps over the weekend peddled harmful myths and outright lies.
What exactly are "orphan drugs" and how are pharmaceutical companies getting rich from them?
XPost: British Radio Host Richie Allen Beats David Icke's Drum in the Context of AntiSemitism - It is not all wine &amp; roses however since the two of them avoid JFK Truth which inculpates the MLKs
How our housing choices make adult friendships more difficult
Chinese authorities pay nearly 20% of the population to divert online debates away from censored topics.
Martin Luther King Jr. was decades ahead of his time in advocating for a universal basic income
A message to my doomed colleagues in the American media
Psychologys Favorite Tool for Measuring Racism Isnt Up to the Job
These Workers Got a Raise Thanks to the Obama Administration. Then Their Employers Took It Away.
Frightened by Donald Trump? You dont know the half of it | George Monbiot
Zoning's Racist Roots Still Bear Fruit | reason.com
Trump Is Making Journalism Great Again
The Last Time a Foreign Government Successfully Interfered in a U.S. Election
The Heroism of Incremental Care
Patrice Lumumba (1925-1961)
Gilad Atzmon Who is From a Family of Terrorists Says "There is no AntiSemitism in Britain" - Which illustrates the moral degeneracy that has become the lot of the British ppl - In the face of Jew guilt for the 911 attacks antiSemtism is a moral responsibility - Brits must bring war to the Jew enemy
Digital detoxing: Phones are toxic - embrace it in 2017
Mourning for Whiteness
10 illuminati Facts And Conspiracy Theories Of Rothschild Family | Freemason (WAR CREATORS)
Never built New York: the city that might have been - in pictures
Why was the Zimmerman Telegram so important? - BBC News: Tuesday marks the 100th anniversary of a remarkable success for British intelligence: but one that involved spying on the United States and then conspiring with its senior officials to manipulate public opinion in America.
Video: Dude Blows Paul Joseph Watson's Horn - Watson and his twin brother Steve were 911 Truthers a role they abandoned to become shills for the NWO - Jews did 911, as well they sponsor the Watsons and Alex Jones who now must rely on the conspiracy staying afloat to avoid arrest, trial and execution
YouTube - William Cooper Was Not Murdered, he was shot dead by Sheriff's Deputies in Eagar Arizona Nov. 6, 2001, after he shot one of their number who was serving a late night warrant - Cooper had pulled a gun in a supermarket parking lot, and had acted in a threatening manner toward a local doctor
WhiteWraithe.com: The Jewish Mass Murderers of 911 - Jews must be crushed and their power base destroyed in response to their murderous acts - They are brutes beyond comprehension, who are maliciously murdering &amp; destroying the infrastructure of the entire world for their own vanity &amp; wicked gains
Trump team reportedly wants to strip FCC of consumer protection powers
Can Snapchats Culture of Secrecy Survive an IPO?
A Warning to Trump From Friedrich Hayek
9 MLK Quotes the Mainstream Media Won't Cite
How Media Fuels Our Fear of Terrorism
The Nihilistic Purity of the Far Left Will Kill Us All
(2006) "Poll: Americans Support Bush Impeachment for [NSA] Wiretapping." Hasn't our society and have our minds not changed more in ten years than in the last 30?
On 'Legislating Morality': The Anti-Conservative Fallacy
How our housing choices make adult friendships more difficult
Peace signs flashed on social media can give hackers access to bank accounts, warn Japanese scientists who have used a digital camera to steal fingerprint data.
The Lie Factory: How Politics Became a Business. A story about one of the first political consulting firms.
How Anarchists and Intentional Communities Are Reacting to Trump -- Why some people are withdrawing from mainstream society into intentional communitiesand what the rest of the country can learn from them
Why big business is putting your pet's life at risk. The high-cost, high-risk world of modern pet care. A wave of corporatization is hitting the veterinary industry, but does a one-size-fits-all approach work?
Who Are the 8 Richest People? All are Men And Mostly Americans!! - WhySolution
RentaCrowd - DemandProtest.com .. We Mobilize Across the Globe With Seeded Audiences &amp; Desirable Messages, we create convincing scenes that become the building blocks of massive movements - When you need the appearance of outrage, we are able to deliver it [at a price] while keeping your rep intact
NewYork.Backpage.com: Demand Protest Pays Politically Motivated Ppl to fight for the things they believe in, you were going to take action anyways do so with us - As a Demand Protest op you will receive a monthly retainer of $2,500 on top of our standard per event pay of $50/hr - ID 92451994 NewYork
Lakshmibai, The Warrior Queen Who Fought British Rule in India
I've Been To The Mountaintop by King
A Short History of Presidential 'Illegitimacy'
When the Downstairs Neighbor Is a Bar
Tragedy Plus Time: How Jokes Won the Election
The Stories We Tell Ourselves
Istanbullsh*t: BlackListednews.com Beats the New Year's Eve Alleged Istanbul Nightclub Attack Drum, totally in contempt of volumes of evidence proving the entire shermasco a Zionist sponsored hoax!
Bilderberg Chairman : Each year, billionaires and politicians gather in Davos. The world is run by and for them. They wanted mass-immigration. They felt no responsability toward society. They paid no taxes. Hubris led to over-reach. But be careful what you wish for. Populism can get out of control
Why we should all have a basic income
How Betsy DeVos (Trump's pick for Secretary of Education) used God and Amway to take over Michigan politics
One Citys Transit Solution: Raising money for transit by charging more to drive is good public policy but difficult politics. If it was easy, many more cities would have a congestion pricing system in place by now. The Answer - Tax Parking
Donald Trumps attack on civil rights leader John Lewis, explained - The argument Trump is making, though not in so many words, is: Well, John Lewis, what about black-on-black crime? Par for the course with Trump, this argument bears little relation to the facts.
How Rudolf Diesel's engine changed the world - BBC News
The Blank Slateism of the Right
How Long Have I Got Left? The reason doctors dont give patients specific prognoses is not merely because they cannot
Looks like in future people would be less inclined to pursue education.
The Tabloids Go All-In For Trump
The Foreign Correspondent in the Age of Twitter and Trump
once you understand the degree to which the average US family and the entire Gen-X and Millennial generations are being hosed economically, everything starts to take shape.
Occultist father of rocketry 'written out' of Nasa's history
Brace for the oil, food and financial crash of 2018
The Truth About Martin Luther King, Jr.'s "I Have A Dream" Speech
UnReddit: 2,151 Whites &amp; 1,130 Blacks Died by Police Gunfire, blacks carry out 52.5% of all US homicides - Former Kennedy house guests Martin Luther &amp; Coretta King were with shooters at the 1963 murder of President John Kennedy, which I say demonstrates the folly of treating blacks like human beings
The neo-Nazi MLK Day rally in Montana was never real, but it has wreaked havoc anyway - Vice
The Last Bullsh*tter - Gene Cernan Who Says He Went to the Moon Puts His Cue in the Rack
How Pharma-Funded Research Cherry-Picks Positive Results. Clinical trial data on new drugs is systematically withheld from doctors and patients, bringing into question many of the premises of the pharmaceutical industryand the medicine we use
New genetics study reveals Spain's forced conversions in 15th and 16th centuries
Google - 504,000 Listings Decrying the June 12, 2016, Alleged Orlando Nightclub Mass Shooting as Fake!
Go check out the video, subscribe, and comment which one you like better!!
Past Kennedy House Guests Martin Luther &amp; Coretta King &amp; Black Abraham Bolden, who makes much of being the first black on the Presidential Protection Detail, stood with shooters at the murder of President Kennedy in Dallas Tx. Nov. 22, 1963 - Demonstrates the folly of treating blacks as human beings
Corey Robin - The Politics Trump Makes
What are Food Stamps Actually Used to Purchase?
Pardon Snowden campaign delivers more than 1M signatures to President Obama
When Syria comes to Roscommon: 'We can't run to Mass, then say 'you're not welcome''
The Jacksonville Sheriff's Office has shot 124 people in the last decade. Ninety six of them were black.
Why Peter Thiel Fears Star Trek
Why Race Relations Got Worse: The racial conversation were having today is tribalistic.
Christianity and the birth of modernity
Post History Bill Blum aka u/smokinbluebear - The CIA Fairy at the Bottom of the Reddit Garden
Dr Udo Ulfkotte Former Editor at Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung, who revealed the CIA pays journalists in Germany, France, Britain, Australia &amp; New Zealand to plant fake news stories has been found dead!
Senator Cory Booker Joins Republicans to Kill Measure to Import Cheaper Medicine From Canada - He says it's all about safety. That's why he took more pharmaceutical cash over the past six years than any other Democratic senator
Despite what you might think, chickens are not stupid
NBC News Beats the Anne Frank Drum - Jews infiltrated German politics then perped the H'caust in the name of Germany, they infiltrated US politics and perped 911, like they infiltrated Turkish politics &amp; perped the Armenian Genocide - Bring them to lawful trial &amp; just execution under existing US Law
Why Are Drug Prices So High?, David Henderson
The Iran-Contra Affair 30 Years Later: A Milestone in Post-Truth Politics. Declassified Records Recall Official Deception in the Name of Protecting a Presidency
It's Okay to Be Mad
Sometimes the People Need to Call the Experts
We're very close. We couldn't not be: the secret to a friendly divorce. This month sees a spike in couples filing for divorce, many of them vowing to stay friends. But is it really possible  or worth the pain?
Matt Taibbi: The Russia Story Reaches a Crisis Point
Feeling Paranoid
The Coming 17 "The hundredth anniversary of the Soviet Revolution will likely coincide with a global collapse. The oft-announced recovery is not coming, and a rightist wave with racist undertones is mounting."
The Vulgar Mechanic and His Magical Oven
What concerns me most about r/The_Donald is that it's followers are still angry today, regardless of their candidates nomination.
Recently Released: The 22 September 1979 Vela Satellite Incident (indicating a nuclear test by unknown actors in the South Atlantic)
Nothing to be done. Article about what's required to bring about change.
That Time I Turned a Routine Traffic Ticket into the Constitutional Trial of the Century
Greenland Sharks dont mate until they're 150 years old and can live to be 400. Theyre also blind and slow, but scientists have found Seal, Reindeer, and Polar Bear meat in their stomachs.
Poet: I cant answer questions on Texas standardized tests about my own poems
My interview with the former spy who wrote the Trump-Russia memos; When I broke the story in October, I spoke with him. Here's what he said.
Obama's Mistake (Surprisingly good for MTV)
If you want to earn more, work less
The Worlds Rising Powers Have Fallen
Medical Communication Companies and Americas Medical Propaganda Machine
Disneyland with the Death Penalty -- 1993 article by William Gibson for WIRED
A liberal arts college without English majors? N.H. school reinvents itself - The Boston Globe
George Soros : Law is now a business. Medicine is now a business. Money controls american politics. Markets don't produce ethics or justice. Market fundamentalism is pushed by the wealthy because it benefits them. I run a hedge fund but as a Citizen I think capitalism is undermining democracy
Lawful Handguns Departing for New York, but Unlawful Upon Arrival
Human Rights Watch World Report 2017: The Dangerous Rise of Populism
AMSTERDAM CONSCRIPTS HOMELESS IN THE WAR ON CASH
Should You Put Your Real Estate Into Showbiz?
Peter Thiel on Trump: "at a place like Twitter, they were all working for Trump this whole year even though they thought they were working for Sanders.". Fascinating look at Thiel's thinking.
The Deep State Goes to War With President-Elect, Using Unverified Claims, as Democrats Cheer
Where is the empathy ? A study found wealthy Americans believe poor people have it easy
Democrats cant win until they recognize how bad Obamas financial policies were
How Trumps Attacks on U.S. Intelligence Will Come Back to Haunt Him
The Hermit Who Inadvertently Shaped Climate-Change Science -- Billy Barr Moved to the Rocky Mountains four decades ago, got bored one winter, and decided to keep a notebook that has become the stuff of legend.
The noncentral fallacy - the worst argument in the world? [2012]
Resistance to the Antibiotic of Last Resort Is Silently Spreading
Media Corruption
In April 2015, Kennedy promoted a film, Trace Amounts, which links autism to vaccinations. At a screening in Sacramento, California, Kennedy described the alleged incidents of vaccinations causing autism as a holocaust. On January 10, 2017, he was nominated to chair Trumps vaccine safety panel.
American Stockholm Syndrome: or How we Learned to Stop Worrying and Love the Oppressor. "Should the dead bother to return, Orwell could observe his fears made real in the catechisms of modern political diction  adorned with legalese, like a gaudy veil cinched around a modest truth."
Voat: The Dangers of Ultrasound During Pregnancy - The exponential rise in autism incidence is a product of fetal exposure to ultrasound, very low exposure causes damage to the brain, kidneys, cornea, chorionic villi and the immune system!
Bourdain on food, travel and politics
Thirty years in jail for a single hair: the FBI's 'mass disaster' of false conviction
Vietnam: The War That Killed Trust
Meet the gun-totin rebels who want to split from California
America will miss Barack Obama's decency
A reminder that your Instagram photos arent really yours: Someone else can sell them for $90,000
The reigning absurdity in the digital news economy [Meta]
The Deep State Goes to War with President-Elect, Using Unverified Claims, as Democrats Cheer
The Inside Story of BitTorrents Bizarre Collapse
Late-night comedy is becoming, more and more, a place of earnestand informedpolitical debate. The lines between journalism and other ways of understanding the worldbetween media as information and media as entertainmentare vanishing.
The UN's peacekeeping nightmare in Africa: One of the key issues facing Antonio Guterres, the UN's newly installed secretary-general, will be to address critical failures in African peacekeeping operations.
The Real Reason Your City Has No Money
Tillerson says China should be barred from South China Sea islands
Did a Federal Surveillance Court Really Reject an FBI Application to Spy On Trump Associates? It's actually quite complicated.
millennium challenge: the real story of a corrupted military exercise and its legacy
Ted Cruz Introduces Bill to Designate Moslem Brotherhood a Terrorist Organization - In contempt of volumes of evidence that proves Jews not Moslems orchestrated the 911 attacks - Similarly in contempt of the law that provides the death penalty for granting comfort to the enemies of the United States
XPost: Twenty One False Flag / Hoax American Shootings!
The alt-right is old fascism in new clothes
The Law Says a Civilian Must Run the Pentagon. Does Gen. Mattis Deserve an Exception?
TruthRevolt.org: ISIS Stands For "Israeli Secret Intelligence Service," the alleged head of the organization Abu Bakr Al-Baghdadi is a Jew whose real name is Simon Elliot
DW.com Howls Nazis &amp; Jews: Never Disclosing Adolf Hitler and *All* of the Top Nazis were Jews, that Ernst Rhm and the SA the non Jewish Nazis were massacred in June 1934 after H was sworn in as German Chancellor January 31, 1933 - Jews did 911, anticipate a stupendous death toll in just retaliation
FourWinds10: Italian &amp; Russian Police Break Up Jewish Child Snuff Porn Ring - They kidnapped non Jewish children between the ages of two and five years then raped and murdered them on film - Jews perped the 911 attacks, as well they sponsor the likes of Barak Obama, Hillary Clinton &amp; Donald Trump
Economics is driven by ideology, not science, which drives them to assert that bank bailouts are tolerable but policies that protect the poor aren't. These flawed theories &amp; models are a comfort to financial elites which is why economists are hired and funded by banks, corporations &amp; the wealthy.
MIT Professor says powerful elites set up monopolies so they can abuse consumers, hurting the economy and society to become insanely rich. Bill Gates is outraged, defends his friend Carlos Slim
How Albert Woodfox Survived 40+ Years In Solitary: As one of the Angola 3, he was in isolation longer than any other American.
The food at your local farm stand might not be local. I would know.
Zac Easter knew what was happening to him. He knew why. And he knew that it was only going to get worse. So he decided to write it all downto let the world know what football had done to him, what he'd done to his body and his brain for the game he loved. And then he shot himself.
The Crimes of SEAL Team 6
Confirm or Deny: Peter Thiel
Ex-Military In Law Enforcement: Does Military Training Make Them A Perfect Fit...Or In Some Cases, Unfit?
How One Stupid Tweet Blew Up Justine Saccos Life
Like Dostoevsky, who foresaw Russia destroying itself with the support of the West, Putins endgame is not land - it is the destabilization of the entire Western order.
Theyll think youre a monster; the pitfalls of cryogenically freezing your body
Grasping for change on America's most violent streets: 'We must stop killing' (Violence in St. Louis)
Bait and Switch - How the physicist Alan Sokal hoodwinked a group of humanists and why, 20 years later, it still matters.
How BuzzFeed crossed the line in publishing salacious dossier on Trump - The Washington Post
Why elites are wrong and President Trump can restore Americas global leadership
How the Wright Brothers Actually Did It
Contrarian Thoughts on Russia and the Presidential Election
Tyranny of the Ethnography: How Lived Experience Corrupts the Social Sciences
The Man Who Terrifies Wall Street : U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara has gone after traders, investment bankers, hedge fund managers, billionaires, foreign diplomats and leading politicians. Many judges don't like his aggressive tactics
As Donald Trump Denies Climate Change, These Kids Die of It | families showed me how they pick rocks of chalk from the ground, break them into dust and cook the dust into soup. It fills our stomachs at least, explained Limbiaza, a 20-year-old woman in one remote village.
When You Are Depressed, Make Something.
Americans with political differences need to stop treating each other like the enemy
Post-VR Sadness: Is Virtual Reality Dissociating People From Reality?
The True Story Of My Teenage Dirtbag Fight Club
Health Care Is a Commodity, Not a Right
Invest and Profit With the POTUS Indexes
Angela Nagle: What the Alt-right is really all about.
The Last Trial of the Codfather - Since his release from prison in the 1980s, Carlos Rafael has ruthlessly run his Massachusetts seafood business with little regard for the law. But is there any other way to survive the gauntlet of restrictions on the New England fishing industry?
The Problem with Irony
Inside Sears' death spiral: How an iconic American brand has been driven to the edge of bankruptcy
Image: False Flag - A Horrific Staged Event Blamed on a Political Enemy, and used as a pretext to start wars or to enact draconian legislation in the name of "National Security!"
Free Markets Make Fools of Us - Free markets create incentives for companies to deceive or manipulate us constantly
As a young child in the capital of North Korea, Sungju Lee lived a pampered life. But by the time he was a teenager, he was starving and fighting for survival in a street gang. It was one of many twists of fate on a journey that has led him to postgraduate studies at a British university.
The Pentagon's research division is betting its high-risk, high-reward programs will change medicine. The new Biological Technologies Office has been exploring challenges including memory improvement, humanmachine symbiosis and speeding up disease detection and response.
UnReddit: Coretta Scott King @ AutoNews - She &amp; her wretched spouse stood with shooters on the GK, when President Kennedy was shot from ambush in Dallas, Tx. Nov. 22, 1963 - They had accepted Mrs Kennedy's invitation to dine with her &amp; the President in her home at the White House a short time before
Obama Scorecard: Remember when Obama promised change? This is how he delivered on his promise
Video: Charleston Church Shooting, False Flag Conspiracy For Gun Control &amp; Race War
Why Aging Is A Degenerative Disease And It Is Time To Recognize It As Such
How Sherlock of the library cracked the case of Shakespeares identity
END THE FED "Economic collapse imminent" Ron Paul. When he talks, I listen
The Swedish Kings of Cyberwar
Can Bangalore win its battle against rubbish? The southern Indian city of Bangalore was long known as the garden city, famed for its lush public parks and gardens, trees and hedges. But four years ago, it was renamed the garbage city, after it began drowning under mounds of rubbish.
Vietnam changed us as a country. In many ways, for the worse: It made us cynical and distrustful of our institutions, especially of government. For many people, it eroded the notion, once nearly universal, that part of being an American was serving your country.
Inside LAX's New Anti-Terrorism Intelligence Unit
Workers built Nordic social democracy through class struggle, not ethnic homogeneity. And we can do the same here.
Is Sugar The World's Most Popular Drug?
Killing Animals at the Zoo
How the scientific method came from watching children play  Henry Cowles | Aeon Essays
I'm a Coastal Elite From the Midwest: The Real Bubble is Rural America
You want me to what???
Kent landlord bans 'battered wives' and single mothers from renting properties
DONALD TRUMP CAMPAIGN PROMISES - INFRASTRUCTURE, GLASS STEAGAL
Viaje Sudeste Asiatico
Wall to Wall Denial Games
How to Destroy the Business Model of Breitbart and Fake News
Why Tokyo is the land of rising home construction but not prices
Hedge Fund CEO : You want to understand Russia ? At the end of the Soviet Union, 22 oligarchs stole 40% of Russian wealth. 150 million people were left in total poverty and life expectancy collapsed. The West didn't just ignore the looting, it facilitated it. That's how Vladimir Putin happened
Delhi's Sleep Economy- how the "sleep mafia" controls the vulnerable.
How Edward Snowden sabotaged the war on terrorism
How a Young Black Man Became a Race Realist
Incompetence and the Iraq War
How each generation gets the drugs it deserves  Cody Delistraty
This Extraordinary Letter Will Help You Find Your Calling
After Empire
Serbia's governing party has a small, well-organized army to troll the internet on its behalf. It creates a parallel reality where everything in Serbia is great
Japan has one of the lowest rates of gun crime in the world and has almost eradicated gun crime. In 2014 there were just six gun deaths, compared to 33,599 in the US. What is the secret?
Hope is an embrace of the unknown: Rebecca Solnit on living in dark times
Vladimir Putin gets it : You pay them, you own them. The UK is now ready to betray America to protect it's share of corrupt stolen russian money. The young british elites are just valets for Billionaires. Here in London, in their own capital city, the English are no longer calling the shots
5 Huge Problems With Trump's Cabinet
High Prices Today, Effective Drugs Tomorrow
The True Story of Rastafari
DissidentVoice.org: Israeli Embassy Staff in the UK  Mossad Agents  Are working with senior political activists and politicians in the Conservative &amp; Labour parties, to subvert their own parties from within and skew British foreign policy so that it benefits Israeli rather than British interests
The 1 hour workday
Last year was the hottest on record by a wide margin, with temperatures creeping close to a ceiling set by almost 200 nations for limiting global warming
TWWF.org: The Much Lauded "White Helmets" aka Syrian Civil Defense, Exposed as Terrorists &amp; Executioners
Seven reasons not to care about high pay
Alt-Right Frames Wrong Esteban Santiago for Shooting, Kickstarts Racist Conspiracy Theory
Video: Alex Jones Stop Lying, December 2016, Russian Envoy Andrey Karlov was fake killed by fake shooter Mevlut Mert Altintas - The August 2015, alleged Roanoke Virginia television studio shooting was as fake as a 3$ bill, despite Jones supports the CIA narrative regarding both alleged events
Toward A New Twitter Ethic - Michael Tracey
Russian treachery is extreme and it is everywhere
A True Friendship () | A Reality Emotional Story 2017 | Roar of BD
Video: Ft Lauderdale Shooting Hoax, Michael Bloomberg Named
Inside the KGB Playbook to Recruit Americans: "An old Soviet field manual for spies tells us a lot about the mindset of todays agents, and not only the Russians. Could an American president be the ultimate dangle?"
One Man's Quest to Change the Way We Die: A doctor and triple amputee used his own experience to pioneer a new model of palliative care at a small and quirky hospice in San Francisco.
Carlos Slim : The capitalist who owns Mexico. His empire, the scope of which is unprecedented, ranges from tobacco, airlines, electric cables, floor tiles, construction, telecom. His personal wealth reached 6.6% of Mexican GDP eclipsing John D. Rockefeller at his peak
Pouring drinks for alcoholics. Managed alcohol program as an alternative to abstinence for hardcore, homeless alcoholics.
The link between pedophilia and height
Rap Song About How To Scam The NYC Subway For Free Rides
The Trials of Hannah Arendt
The Problem with New York's Young Professionals
Bill Perry Is Terrified. Why Arent You? How an 89-year-old cold warrior became Americas nuclear conscience.
ADAMS Errors: WADA is unable to protect athletes privacy
The surprisingly cutthroat race to build the world's fastest elevator
The Dog Factory: Inside the Sickening World of Puppy Mills
The undercover investigators exposing animal abuse in factory farms
A Deadly Conspiracy in Buenos Aires?
A vast new tomb for the most dangerous waste in the world
How Vienna produced ideas that shaped the West
Linking the best and worst of global trends [The relationship between declining global poverty and xenophobic discontent in the West]
Other billionaires spend millions in marketing and use charity for a better public image. He doesn't. He doesn't even want any name on a building. And he has given more of his wealth than anyone else in America. Today he has only two million dollars left
Time to call B.S. on Private Censorship
What We Can Learn from Russian TV's attempt at Trump Impersonation on New Year's Eve
Everyday Authoritarianism is Boring and Tolerable
The Intimate Spectacle of Public, Private, Secret
Stop Calling Donald Trump a Republican
"Normal"
How a KGB Assassin Used the Death of His Child to Defect
Cancer Death Rate Has Dropped 25% Since 1991 Peak
Safety Pins and Swastikas
The Russians Are Coming
Donald Trumps Alarmingly Trumpian Transition
Florida Shooting Hoax - AirCanada Requests Correction From CNN For False Reporting, and confirms no record of a passenger named Esteban Santiago or guns checked on AC flights to Fort Lauderdale
Obama: Obamacare 'Achieved What Eluded Politicians of Both Parties for a Century'
Society Could Collapse in a Decade, Predicts Math Historian
How I get a ~100% response rate on Tinder
Ishmael Jones: From Russia with Doubt
Get your loved ones off Facebook: 'Facebook doesnt keep any of your data safe or anonymous, no matter how much you lock down your privacy settings. Those are all a decoy. There are very serious privacy breaches...'
The Burning of Black Wall Street: Tulsas 1921 Race Riot
Inside the Mission to Catch Khalid Sheikh Mohammed
The Canada experiment: is this the world's first 'postnational' country?
How to Counter Fake News: Technology Can Help Distinguish Fact from Fiction
ChemtrailsPlanet.net: Hurricane Katrina Twelve Yrs On - 5,000 body bags were delivered to New Orleans eleven days before the hurricane made landfall - Carbon Black aerosols are known to increase hurricane strength, satellite images reveal obvious chemtrailing as the system enters the Gulf of Mexico
Jew Stink &amp; Censorship @ R/Socialism - Re the False Flag Zionist Inspired Charlie Hebdo Affair, the alleged masked killers drove the getaway car to a Jewish restaurant in Paris - True French patriots call for their arrest, trial, and execution and despise the quislings who accept the official story
An eyewitness speaks publicly for the first time about historys worst launch accident. I saw it traveling horizontally, accelerating as it progressed down the valley, only a few hundred feet off the ground. Wrong way! I yelled, and for the next few seconds I was frozen in my tracks.
Assessing Russian Activities and Intentions in Recent US Elections (PDF)
Unreliable Informants: IP Addresses, Digital Tips and Police Raids. How Police and Courts are Misusing Unreliable IP Address Information and What They Can Do to Better Verify Electronic Tips
The Problem With Understanding Intelligence
Free speech debates are more than radicals vs liberals - Eric Heinze
Chicago is Breaking
Governments around the world shut down the internet more than 50 times in 2016  suppressing elections, slowing economies and limiting free speech
Enemies, A Love Story: Attention-starved and melodramatic, America's Alt Right and their hard-left antagonists may have more in common than they'd admit
President Obama : To get elected, I had to get a lot of money from bankers, hedge fund managers and venture capitalists. I found myself avoiding certain topics, anticipating their expectations. I can't pretend money didn't influence me. I suspect that it's true for every senator.
Leap Second Added To World's Clocks For 2017, And How We Keep That From Screwing Up GPS (Badly)
Tolerance is not a moral precept
Video: Fort Lauderdale Airport False Flag Shooting, January 6, 2017 + Psyop by Government, Police &amp; Media
Ian Greenhalgh @ VeteransToday, Re the Alleged Florida Airport Shooting - Trump is a Zionist asset, all US intelligence agencies have been co-opted by the same Israeli cabal that runs Trump and put him into office - They hacked the US election, and it is they who are trying to blame it on "Putin!"
A Job Is More Than a Paycheck
New evidence indicates Nixon himself tried to sabotage Vietnam War peace talks
Sometimes painful things teach us things we didn't think we needed to know, and recently losing my mom to Cruetzfeld-Jakob Disease (CJD) taught me plenty.
New animal abuse allegations surface at Illinois hog confinement
The birth of half-human, half-animal chimeras. The quest to create animals with human organs has a long history  and it is now becoming a reality. Has science taken a step too far
Elite Opinion vs the Wisdom of Crowds: The Intelligentsias Tendency to Get Things Wrong
The Long, Lonely Quest to Breed the Ultimate Avocado
The United Nations Must Strengthen Its Efforts for Defending Same-Sex Marriage: "The UN, as a global defender of progressive values, must take greater strides for the upholding of marriage equality."
The People Who Evangelized for the 401(k) Now Think Its Made Retirement Much Tougher
Christian charity from Oklahoma rejects $25,667.80+ donation all because the religious leaders of the charity said accepting money from atheists would go against everything they believe in.
Why Men Dont Want the Jobs Done Mostly by Women
The Fight For The Right To Repair
ChemtrailsPlanet.net: The House of Rothschild, Khazarian Mafia Pretend Jews - When an Israeli bleats about the "persecution of Jews," consider every Prime Minister of Israel has been an Ashkenazi non Jew - They claim the land of Israel is theirs by birthright, when their real homeland is Kazakhstan!
Ive left Twitter. It is unusable for anyone but trolls, robots and dictators
Why Geography Is Undermining Democracy Around the World
World Bank's chief economist Paul Romer : For decades, macroeconomics has gone backwards. It's exactly like The Church of Scientology. This isn't science, it's all about defending reputations. The economic models are wrong. I may not be the right person but no one was going to say it. So I said it
Cyberwar for Sale - After a maker of surveillance software was hacked, its leaked documents shed light on a shadowy global industry that has turned email theft into a terrifying  and lucrative  political weapon.
Open Society Needs Defending
The long-lost son who wasn't what he seemeda true story of espionage and deceit.
Image: A Chain of Regularly Spaced Humps on the Flat Martian Plain, photographed by the Opportunity Rover Sol 1074, Jan. 31, 2007 bespeak intelligent design!
Literary Agents - Rethinking the legacy of writers who worked with the CIA.
Nancy Fraser: The End of Progressive Neoliberalism
WashPost Is Richly Rewarded for False News About Russia Threat While Public Is Deceived
The U.S. Government Thinks Thousands Of Russian Hackers May Be Reading My Blog. They Arent.
What the Octopus Knows
NoDisinfo.com: South Carolina Shooting Hoax Proven in Pictures
The Economics of Warfare  "Every hour, taxpayers in the United States are paying an ostentatious $4 million for the war in Afghanistan"
A fish out of water - Can farmers in Iowa help save the world's seafood supply?
All French citizens are now organ donors unless they opt out
The reasons why NYC's subway is so expensive, and why it matters
My Personal Experiences with the Medical Marijuana Business and the Opioid Epidemic The American medical system is nuts!
Guilty White Liberals Are Purchasing Racial Indulgences
Daniel Ellsberg, Edward Snowden, and the Modern Whistle-Blower
Cowardice and Murder .. Australians in Vietnam!
Donald Trump is one of the richest capitalist on earth. Addressing conferences, he gave the following life advice : "Get even. If they screw you, screw them 10 times, 15 times harder. If you have a problem with someone, go after them. If they hit you, hit them harder than they ever thought possible"
Inside The Million-Dollar Get-Rich Doula Clique
PrettyLieorUglyTruth.com: Mayor Joseph P Riley From Mayors Against Illegal Guns aka MAIG Says, Black Church Shooting a "Gun Grab Hoax, Dylann Roof is a Crisis Actor!"
Before the Flood [article about Mosul Dam by New Yorker]
One Man's Quest to Change the Way We Die
What I Learned Tracking Every Mass Shooting in America and Europe in 2016 - VICE
The Rich Already Have a universal basic income. 10 percent of all national income is paid out to the 1 percent as capital income. Why not give it to all as UBI?
How Technology Has Affected Wages for the Last 200 Years
Australian Senator Malcolm Roberts Backs Israel - TerrorGrppe Kurzberg the "Celebrating Jews of 911" and the Mossad cell that spawned them, have been granted haven in Brisbane since the day of the attacks - Bring them to trial &amp; execution with the politicos who granted them safety &amp; Malcolm Roberts
Advice to Ignore
George Plimpton and Papa in Cuba - When Ernest Hemingway agreed to his famous Paris Review interview, he had no idea hed be helping the CIA.
Just Disconnect. Get Bored.
Sugar lobby paid scientists to blur sugar's role in heart disease
Life and death in Yemens war-ravaged hospitals. Surviving even birth is a struggle in Yemen. After nearly two years of war, thousands of children and adults have died from easily treatable diseases, illnesses and injuries as the health-care system collapses.
To Rape is to Want Sex, Not Power
Investigative journalist talks about Mexican drug cartels trying to murder her. Award-winning reporter Anabel Hernandez says the government is lying about its connections to Mexicos drug cartels  and she can prove it
She Faced Cuomo and Got Clemency. He Got a Sense of Her Soul.
Trump And The Batman Effect
"I have a rule that has helped me a lot in life, particularly in my education: If there is a book I am interested in, I buy it. Regardless of the cost. Regardless of whether I have a stack of other things to read. Regardless of whether I have any sort of certainty about whether its any good."
Anatomy of a Hoax
Donald Trump: Jew World Order
The Trump-Era Corporate Boycott
Why does Philippine president Duterte have a 77% approval rating?
U.S. income inequality, on rise for decades, is now highest since 1928
Can Uber Ever Deliver? Latest Data Confirms Bleak Performance While Stephen Levitt Makes Indefensible Consumer Welfare Claims
New Evidence Proves That Nixon Sabotaged Vietnam Peace Talks in 1968. That's Worse Than Watergate
Katana17 - A Brief Opinion Piece on Donald Trump, disclosing his status as a tool of organized Jewry :(
Video: Istanbullsh*t, Decries the Istanbul Nightclub Attack as Fake, and exposes the same Jews and Jewish information services that turn up when events of this nature are reported, who make sure they have copyright over the photographs they release - Zvi Lando named!
The Moon Mining Race Is Getting Serious: Laws and Economics in Play
You Should Never, Ever Leave Your Webcam Uncovered When You Aren't Using It
This website which has tens of millions of viewers is profiting off of original Reddit content without any attribution or reference
The Most Comprehensive Push Notifications Guide and Knowledge Base
David Duke @ YouTube: The Black TransAtlantic Slave Trade was Dominated by Jews - YouTube restrictions have led to removal of all comments on this video - Edit. My plan is to reenslave the black -----
Vice.com Quotes Mass Shootings in the Context of the Alleged San Bernardino &amp; Sandy Hook Massacres, totally in contempt of volumes of evidence decrying both alleged events and numerous others as Zionist inspired hoaxes!
6 Reasons Why You Need to Separate From Your Phone
Barack Obama Wasnt Nearly As Tough on Israel as Republican Presidents
Im Arab and Many of Us Are Glad That Trump Won
Take It From A German: Americans Are Too Timid In Confronting Hate
Russia: Cheerful Propaganda and Hate on Command
Facebook knows a lot about your offline life that it isnt telling you
Anti-Semite and Jew [PDF]
Simon Johnson, Professor of Finance at the MIT and Chief Economist of the IMF : The economy has been looted. This isn't just another crisis, it's a coup. It started with Reagan and they gained power under Bill Clinton. The American governement has been taken over by an oligarchy.
Image: Jews are Behind the ISIS Terror Group
How Many Scientific Papers Just Aren't True?
Nixon's Vietnam Treachery
WorldPolitics XPost: ISIS Claims Responsibility For Istanbul Nightclub Attack That Took Thirty Nine Lives - Yeah but don't we know Zionist Jews are behind the ISIS terror group, in the face of volumes of evidence that assert the alleged event was a False Flag / Hoax!
Putins Real Long Game
The Michigan Left - Federal data shows that over 50% of crossing-path crashes involve left turns while only around 5% involve right turns. So why not just get rid of left turns entirely? It sounds crazy, but some designs aim to do exactly that.
Superintelligence: The Idea That Smart People Refuse to Think About
America Is Finally Ready to Change the Way It Talks About Drugs
Researchers "Translate" Bat Talk. Turns Out, They ArgueA Lot
French workers win legal right to avoid checking work email out-of-hours
The Year of Disruption: From Trump to Brexit to fury over free trade, 2016 upended established ways of doing things  and may have changed how the world works.
This map shows how undersea cables move internet traffic around the world
David Fahrenthold tells the behind-the-scenes story of his year covering Trump
Kitty Dukakis, a Beneficiary of Electroshock Therapy, Emerges as Its Evangelist
Eichmann in Jerusalem I
Investigation of the June 5, 2015 Escape of Inmates David Sweat and Richard Matt (PDF)
Superintelligence The Idea That Eats Smart People
3,000 years ago, it ruled the Mideast, now blown to pieces
Pullitzer Prize Winner : If Trump targets the press, you can thank Obama. I had to fight the Justice Department in a seven year court battle all the way to the Supreme Court. Obama only backed down because he feared the publicity of sending a New York Times journalist to jail. Thank you Obama
"The individualism of the Arab has been erased in this society.. He is incapable of independent thinking." says Arabic Shura Council Member
We Are Living in a Post-Shame WorldAnd Thats Not a Good Thing
Michigan has banned banning plastic bags
This Simple Philosophical Puzzle Shows How Difficult It Is to Know Something
"Archaeology and racism" by Bill Stonehill - About archeology in Japan and how it is used today in Asia to invent racial supremacy narratives
Italian Orchestra Conductor Sacked Following a Performance of Disney's "Frozen," for disclosing Santa Claus doesn't exist - Despite Frozen is in large part lesbian pornography, jolly old Santa Claus is actually Satan :(
NYTimes: Nixons Vietnam Treachery - Despite N was a Ziotool, guilt resides with the Jewish press barons who beat the drums of war in relation to the hoax Gulf of Tonkin Incident, like they did re the False Flag 1898 USS Maine Explosion, the Jew inspired 911 attacks and the FF Pearl Harbor attack :(
Everything Old is New Again: Espionage and Stratagems in Ancient Iraq and Syria
2017: Where is the love?
White House fails to make case that Russian hackers tampered with election
The Obama administration will send $30 billion dollars to Israel, a rich country with healthcare and nuclear warheads. Usually, when someone hands you billions of dollars, you don't demand more. But Israel says it's not enough
Why I No Longer Identify as a Feminist
Peter Boghossian on Critical Thinking, the Atheos App, and the Post-Modern Influence on Universities
Ever Bought Art on a Cruise? Prepare to Be Seasick
Why Nationalism? - Lauren Southern
Suicide kills more U.S. troops than ISIL in Middle East
This is what happens to the bodies of the women you know.
Political correctness: how the right invented a phantom enemy | Moira Weigel | US news
ATT.com: In the Face of Jew Guilt For the 911 Attacks AntiSemtism Becomes a Moral Responsibility - Jews infiltrated German politics and perped the Holocaust in the name of the German ppl, they infiltrated US politics &amp; perped 911, like they infiltrated Turkish politics &amp; perped the Armenian Genocide
What we liked about Carrie Fisher (19562016) was that she seemed inclined to tell the truth, and almost nobody does that, certainly not Hollywood stars.
The Death of Clintonism
The Campus Rape Myth
Google Makes So Much Money, It Never Had to Worry About Financial DisciplineUntil Now
In a Pakistan family, deal is made, a girl is given as bride. A girl may be given away to pay a debt or settle a dispute between feuding families. She might be married to a cousin to keep her dowry in the family or married for the prospect of a male heir.
Is There Even Such a Thing As Oscar Bait?: "Movies are hard to make. They are the product of a thousand decisions and of perseverance in the face of a thousand defeats, and the return-on-investment rate of Oscar hopes is so astonishingly low that to think of it as a driving motive is madness."
The Guardians Summary of Julian Assanges Interview Went Viral and Was Completely False
Google'd Top Trends of 2016
Legendary Capitalist George Soros : Open societies are facing a major crisis. We are now facing a global rise of fascist dictatorships and mafia states. Ordinary people are becoming really angry. Quite simply, people feel elites have stolen democracy
Rethinking how the housing crisis happened
Don't floss, peel veg or wash your jeans: 40 things you can stop doing right now
7 Things To Know About Israeli Settlements
Where Secret Arrests Were Standard Procedure
First, the British empire was a bit less murderous than the empires of Germany and Japan. And secondly, it transferred the idea and practice of constitutional government, and the rule of law, to quite a few parts of world. A brief look at present-day Hong Kong will quickly elucidate this point
New Years Day is fast approaching, and, for many people, that symbolizes hope, new beginnings, fresh opportunities. But for too many others, the idea of facing yet another year is apparently unbearable.
The Fighter
What Graduate School in Theoretical Physics Is Really Like
2016: The Year We Stopped Listening To Big Techs Favorite Excuse
Queensland's New Cannabis Laws Will Not Allow Access For Medical Use, which is what ppl want insofar as it is a proven cancer inhibitor and is known to reverse the symptoms of Alzheimer's &amp; Parkinson's disease - This is cruel and inhumane legislation that prevents access to life saving medication :(
North Korea's Got a Big Crystal Meth Problem
Trump fans' 'Deploraball' party shows rift in alt-right movement
Joint Analysis Report published today by FBI and DHS. Details and documents the breadth and depth of Russian cyber-attacks both on the US and abroad
What Your Dust Says About You: Every unswept corner of a home tells its own story..
Trump team says they'll kill open Internet "as soon as possible"
Democrats' Religion Problem
A young journalist tells his story of losing his mom in a horrific accident and how he used his career as a crutch.
How Women in Media Missed the Womens Vote
Yahoo.com: Patricia Krenwinkel Seeks Parole, 47 yrs after she admitted complicity in the Tate / LaBianca Murders - She was an alleged disciple of snuff film performer Charles Manson, whose career flourished under the tutelage of rapist snuff producer Jew Roman Polanski husband of the slain Miss Tate
Using TV Shows To Visualize The US Cultural Divide
Does Privatization Serve the Public Interest?
There is a widely reported threat to our economy: robots are going to replace human workers. It is nothing new In 1930, Keynes, the famous economist introduced the term technological unemployment
Everything Is (Still) Awesome!
A Legacy of Crisis: Rio After the Olympics
Trumps International System: A Speculative Interpretation | "a foreign policy that will use Americas might for the direct benefit of the country in a unilateral and transactional fashion, instead of defending liberal norms and institutions in a multilateral or alliance setting"
TheBurningBloggerofBedlam.com - Scotland Yard Has Been Covering Up VIP Pedophile Rings and Child Sex Abuse for Thirty Five yrs - The police are protecting "untouchable" VIP's, and systematically shutting down inquiries that threaten to penetrate to the very core of British Government &amp; Elite Circles
Duck Dynasty vs. Modern Family: TV shows strong predictors of Trump or Clinton support
You probably know to ask yourself, What do I want? Heres a way better question: How do you choose to suffer?
General Ehud Barak, Supreme Commander of the Israeli Defense Forces and ex-Prime Minister : I'm alarmed to what's happening to this country. My children should leave. They will decide where they want to live. It may take time, but it's coming. Israel has been infected by the seeds of fascism
President Obama Signs Defense Bill Establishing Government Anti-Propaganda Center
Image Montage: Curiosity Mars Rover Sol 1073, Geometric square anomalies indicate intelligent design, square cut masonry with diagonal etching shows where a diamond power saw disc cut too deeply on the X &amp; Y axis! [1920 x 914 pixels.]
The Fighter - The Marine Corps taught Sam Siatta how to shoot. The war in Afghanistan taught him how to kill. Nobody taught him how to come home.
Prison tattoos: A statistical analysis of the art on convicts' bodies
Stephen Schwarfzman eats $400 crabs and he is worth over ten billion dollars. You wouldn't think he has much to complain about. He warns that proposals to increase taxes on people like him are comparable to Adolf Hitler's invasion of Poland in 1939
Powerful photos visualize slow creep of climate change in Louisiana
The term fake news isnt just annoying, its a danger to democracy
Coretta Scott King's 1986 statement and testimony on Jeff Sessions' U.S. District Court nomination in Alabama
Kalos opioid overdose drug went from $690 to $4,500and senators want answers
The Next Big Blue-Collar Job Is Coding
How an unassuming bureaucrat outsmarted Jamie Oliver and pulled off an honest-to-god miracle in one of America's unhealthiest cities.
Pugs are anatomical disasters. Vets must speak out  even if its bad for business
The Lesson of Nordstrom: Do Business With the Trumps or Else - by former chief White House ethics lawyer
What Does Free Speech Require?
The Preacher and the Sheriff: A young, shackled black man is shot to death  and the police say he killed himself. The resulting investigation has pitted the victims father against the most powerful man in New Iberia, La.
Fake news, hacked mail, alternative facts  thats old hat for climate scientists
What Scientific Term or Concept Ought To Be More Widely Known? : Russell Conjugation
Naomi Klein explains why climate deniers deny: Accepting and addressing climate change will curtail the free market and right wing policies.
Who's Still Fighting Climate Change? The U.S. Military
Are We on the Verge of Another Civil War?
I ran Into US Serial Killer Israel Keyes in Nimbin Australia in 2009, the bag of marijuana I bought from him at cost had a stone in it to make up the weight - I met British Serial Killer Dennis Andrew Nilsen in Brisbane in 1973, the dude he was with a local lad who had done time was never seen again
The Long, Slow Trek To Get Americans To Eat Camel Meat
Homeland Security Secretary floats plan to ask US visitors for social media passwords
Feeling Pressure All the Time on Europes Treadmill of Temporary Work
How to stop an autocracy
600 Miles in a Coffin-Shaped Bus, Campaigning Against Death Itself - Zoltan Istvan ran for president with a modest goal in mind: human immortality.
Can Our Political Institutions Handle Our Political Divisions?
Meet the Woman Who Helps Humanize Murderers
Why a hate crime survivor tried to save the life of his would-be killer
Here's the "gig economy": Uber drivers who sleep in their cars
The psychology of evil | Philip Zimbardo
Solving the mystery of the Druze  a 2,000-year-old odyssey
The macho, violent culture of Italian fascism was prophetic  Jay Griffiths | Aeon Essays
Why the Lefts Next Best Step Is a Basic Income
What really happened when Swedes tried six-hour days?
Black, Latino Two-Parent Families Have Half The Wealth Of White Single Parents
Before the Wall: Life Along the U.S.-Mexico Border
The Big Reason Whites Are Richer Than Blacks in America
Arctic 2.0: What happens after all the ice goes?
There are over 320 million people in America. But only 158 families - less than 0.0001% of the population - have paid half of presidential campaign spending. How much power do they have ? They are worth several billion dollars. Here are their names
The Politically Correct Presidency of Donald Trump
The Darkest Town In America
How corporate dark money is taking power on both sides of the Atlantic
A rash of invisible, fileless malware is infecting banks around the globe
Hillary Clinton's video is unbelievably patronising. The best thing women can do is ditch gender politics | The Independent
The Comforts of the Betsy DeVos War
Backing Into World War III - America must check the assertive, rising powers of Russia and China before its too late.
Serial Killers Should Fear This Algorithm
Face-Blind: Why are some of us terrible at recognizing faces? By Oliver Sacks
The U.S. military's stats on deadly airstrikes are wrong. Thousands have gone unreported
Radical Islam's Political Agenda: Liberal Naivety and Denial Endangering Europe and The U.S.
I Helped Create the Milo Trolling Playbook. You Should Stop Playing Right Into It.
2017 Murrows Entry - News Series: Gerrymandering in New Hampshire
Income share for the bottom 50% of Americans is collapsing, new Piketty research finds
Oklahoma Lawmakers File Bills To Repeal Criminal Justice Reforms
A British blogger crowdfunded his way to the Inauguration of Trump. A thoughtful reflection on the weekend and the people he met.
Not Everyone in Tech Cheers Visa Program for Foreign Workers
Maneuvering a new reality for US journalism
Why Do We Keep Using the Word Caucasian?
Iran's Leader Ayatollah Khamenei Thanks Trump for Showing the True Face of America
The Strategic Suicide of Aligning With Russia in Syria
XPost tttt0ttt @ White Rights: We are being threatened from above and below, above we've got rich Jews who are intent on socially engineering the white race out of existence - Below the blacks and other non white races are being used as tools by the Jews to carry forward their plan of white genocide
The head of Trumps business council doesnt serve american workers. Stephen Schwarzman is owner and CEO of Blackstone, the largest private equity firm in the world. A remarkably brilliant and brutal man, he made $799 million dollars in 2015 and is worth over $11 billion dollars
A US-trained scientist was deported, then became the 'father of Chinese rocketry'
This Is the New Face of American Unemployment
NYT Articles on the Terror Attacks the White House Says Weren't Covered
Fueled by Bribes, Somalias Election Seen as Milestone of Corruption
The Second Avenue Subway Is Here! The dbut of New Yorks newest train line took place at noon on New Years Dayninety-seven years after it was first conceived
Trump's America: Democracy at the Tipping Point - SPIEGEL ONLINE - International
Politics are a mess, let's hand it over to software  that's the idea of a re-districting bill
Foreign Aid: How to Make Sure Taxpayers Get Results Rather Than Rhetoric
"President Trump loves to set the days narrative at dawn, but the deeper story of his White House is best told at night."
The Electoral Fix We Really Need
Trump says terror attacks 'under-reported': Is that true?
How to Beat Trump: Some advice from the right to the left, on how to effectively oppose the current president
"The big lesson of Trump's first 2 weeks: resistance works"
Using Stealth, and Drones, to Document a Fading Hong Kong
The U.S. Government Turned Away Thousands of Jewish Refugees during WWII, Fearing That They Were Nazi Spies
The best and worst countries in the world when it comes to air pollution and electricity use (INDIA is everywhere)
Mathematical issues in electoral districting
The West Isnt Ready for a Revolution
Rule by brute force: The true nature of Government.
Dear Reader: Youre An Idiot
Whats been happening in politics.
This American woman has given birth to 2 children while being held hostage in Afghanistan. Why are they still there?
Democracy Wins One as a Federal Court Strikes a Big Blow Against Gerrymandering
Nonviolent Struggle, 50 Crucial Points; a Strategic Approach to Everyday Tactics from the Center for Applied NonViolent Action and Strategies
The CIA's New Deputy Director Ran a Black Site for Torture
Liberalism and Legitimacy
Fake news for liberals: misinformation starts to lean left under Trump | Media
Mathematics: The only true universal language
The Revolution That Didn't Happen (on the failure of new age mysticism and its physics)
Slate.com Beats the "White Extremists" Drum in the Context of the Hoax 2012 Sikh Temple Shooting, and the False Flag 1995 Oklahoma City Bombing - Spurning evidence the OKC Bomb was a nuke, that Timothy McVeigh executed for his alleged role in the affair was a patsy .. twenty one False Flag shootings
How to be an American: Syrian refugees find a home in Trump country
Trump ignorant of current immigation vetting - No country in the world today has a more exhaustive review of refugee backgrounds.
For every dollar California pays in federal taxes, it gets ten cents back in spending. Meanwhile, failed states such as Utah take in 5 dollars for every buck they pay. This system is unfair, unsustainable, and a travesty to national progress and unity.
The giant shoulders of English - The advantages of having a scholarly lingua franca should not obscure the disadvantages
AI and the Ghost in the Machine: Why Artificial Intelligence Doesn't Feel Intelligent
For Trump, 'We Have a Lot of Killers' Isn't a Criticism
Trump sets Democratic field ablaze with anger
Save the Environmental Protection Agency! Save our world for our future selves and our children!
Green tea compound may halt molecular cause of often-fatal condition
Is America enriching the world at its own expense? Thats globaloney.
US government takes animal-welfare data offline - The US Department of Agriculture will no longer make lab inspection results and violations publicly available, citing privacy concerns.
US military studied how to influence Twitter and Reddit users in Darpa-funded research
During World War II, the U.S. Saw Italian-Americans as a Threat to Homeland Security
The FBI Has Quietly Investigated White Supremacist Infiltration of Law Enforcement
House Rejects AntiSemitism Bill: In the face of Jewish guilt for the 911 attacks antiSemitism becomes a moral imperative - Jews from the Mossad cell holed out in Brisbane Au. were hoppin' about in glee filming as the WTC Towers turned to dust, I want to hop about when they die in the gas chamber
The state of residential solar power
Why we need to redefine the cure for cancer
Trucker316 Gets Covered in White Dust Resembling Asbestos Coming From Work on a Nearby Roof - Exposure to asbestos causes mesothelioma that takes up to 50 yrs to manifest - In the old days T316 would contact the union which would ensure relevant safety protocols were in place before work went ahead
Video: My Pen is My Sword - David Icke says the US Constitution does not allow "Executive Orders," whereas "the President shall take care the laws be faithfully executed - Icke quotes EO's in place that abolish private ownership &amp; institute forced labor should Congress declare a State of Emergency
Everything you never want to know about bellybutton lint
The FBI Is Building A National Watchlist That Gives Companies Real Time Updates on Employees
The psychology of why Americans are more scared of terrorism than guns, though guns are 3,210 times likelier to kill them
A Dilemma From History: Stark Inequality or Total War
Despite indoctrination, a college degree may still be the best path out of poverty
David Frum, ex Bush speech writer says Americans are underestimating the dystopian future possible under Trump
Hate speech is free speech
What Steve Bannon really wants
The Trump Administration Will Be Great for Telecom Giants (and Terrible for Internet Users)
Nebraska farmers, ranchers wary of Trump ending NAFTA, which has quadrupled U.S. AG exports
Don't Politicize the Failed Yemen Raid
The Pain of a Donald Trump Presidency: "America first" has been the order of the day for the past two weeks since Donald Trump became the new U.S. president and divided his country. What do we know about his inner circle? And what role does Steve Bannon, his chief ideologist, play?
Study Shows More Reasons Why Belly Fat is Dangerous for the Heart
TheGuardian.com Cries Tears of Blood Over "Stalins Great Terror of 1937 &amp; 1938" - Not mentioning Jew Lazar Kaganovich was the real master of the Kremlin during the Stalin era, or that the Communist / Bolshevik movement was devised and executed by Jewish master minds all the way to Marx &amp; Trotsky
Chinese factory replaces 90% of human workers with robots. Production rises by 250%.
The Affiliate marketing Base
"This Is Not a Dialogue : Not Just Free Speech, but Freedom Itself"
This Is Your Brain on Kafka
An immigrant penned a beautiful open letter to her country of residence about why she's leaving.
What we knowand dont knowabout the declining labor force participation rate
The Great American Bubble Machine - Rolling Stone's 2010 Article on Goldman Sachs
CNN.com Beats Scott Kelly's Drum - He says he spent 340 days in Earth orbit aboard the International Space Station, a claim that has been widely repudiated
A drug company hiked the price of a lifesaving opioid overdose antidote by 500 percent
Use of Ad-Blocking Software Rises by 30% Worldwide
Afghan Family Flies Into U.S Airport With No Security Issue, TOLOnews reports
The disempowered left now faces its own kinds of hoaxes and fables.
Will This Man Take Down Donald Trump?
First Shipment by Self Driving Truck - October 20, 2016 the SDT went from Fort Collins thru Denver to Colorado Springs with a cargo of beer, there was no driver in the front seat for the entire 120 miles trip
The Intercept releases 200 classified FBI documents. These include internal rules on informants, the use of mass surveillance, investigations on white supremacy in law enforcement, demands for online data, racial profiling for the targeting of terrorists, and the spying of journalists.
Censored @ R/Environment - "Scientists Marvel at Arctic Warmth!"
House votes to repeal rule restricting gun sales to the severely mentally ill
A healthy work limit is 39 hours per week, study shows
Progressive Cities vs. Conservative States
The Biggest Protest in Romania Since 1989 - During that unrest, which led to the murder of President Nicolae Ceausescu and his wife Elena and the installation of a Zionist approved Government on Christmas Day that year - Thousands of flags with the center part removed appeared all over the country
The Purpose of Sleep? To Forget, Scientists Say
Chronology: the Liberals on electoral reform
How Steve Bannons bible explains Trumps first 2 weeks as president
Getting Away With It: "Trump, Cosby, OReilly: How predators, harassers, and abusers maintain their power and get victims to keep their mouths shut" (warning: detailed description of alleged sexual assault, also Roger Ailes's genitals)
Copper is key in burning fat
Refugees are already vigorously vetted. I know because I vetted them.
It's Not Your Speech, Milo: Understanding the UC Berkeley Protests
Single-member representation does not reflect our democratic values
China Gains on the U.S. in the Artificial Intelligence Arms Race
How U.S. Drug Policy Looks to the Rest of the World
How a hackneyed romantic ideal is used to stigmatise polyamory
America Needs to Get Over its Reverence for the Bachelor's Degree
Angela Merkel is now the leader of the free world, not Donald Trump.
Prof Screams at the NYPD Because They Didnt Beat Up Nazi Gavin McInnes
Universal child care, a basic income, and 4 other radical policies that almost became law
My dad predicted Trump in 1985 - it's not Orwell, he warned, it's Brave New World
Despite public response to social media addiction, LEGO further indoctrinates the youth with a platform for those too young for IG, FB
Randazza: Support Trump's Pledge to Let Churches Engage in Politics
How Psychologists Determine Whether Someone Is Faking Insanity
Republican redistricting is taking a beating in the courts, right now
The sharing economy as it relates to trust, efficiency and privacy. What if we broadened feedback and ratings?
At Home With the Couple That Launched the Doomsday Bunker Industry -- Today, refurbished missile silos are selling for millions of dollars to buyers preparing for societal collapse. Ed and Dianna Ricke-Peden started the trend  but believe their structures can do more than simply provide shelter.
Reddit considers Ebola as an African country and that is really strange!
This Whistleblower Faced Death Threats for Exposing the Atrocities Committed on American Show Horses
The Coming War on China
Our Schumpeter columnist pens a dark farewell: In 1942 Joseph Schumpeter warned that capitalism might not survive. A surge of populism means it is once more in danger
Why the voting age should be lowered to 16
Trumps Grand Strategic Train Wreck
The Russian Buddhists v the billionaire
Where will Neil Gorsuch fall on financial issues?
How an editor allegedly used Vice Canada to recruit drug mules for a global smuggling ring
The Statue of Liberty was modeled after an Arab woman
Scaling startup culture
Holland: A woman doctor needed the family of a patient who "fought desperately in an attempt not to be killed," to hold her down while she carried out a euthanasia procedure - The Dutch Royal Family and the upper echelons of Dutch society are alleged to be involved in Satanism &amp; child sacrifice
If there's anything more remarkable than the fact that five states are debating "Right to Repair" bills that make it legal for you to fix your own property, it's that these bills are needed in the first place.
Arctic Warmth Instills "Disbelief" Among the Scientific Community - The alleged disbelievers are nuthin' but paid bullsh*tters who know full well Weather Warfare incorporating HAARP, Chemtrails and VLF/ELF Radio Transmitters is at the heart of the phenomenon
California Madness: Hypocritical Coastal Elites Soak Middle Class
Kamala Khan Who Defaced a Portrait of Donald Trump Achieves American Superhero Status - If she were a real Moslem she would "cast truth at falsehood" as per the edict in the Koran - Hitler was a Jew the H'caust was an inside job, Jews &amp; American traitors perped the 911 attacks, abortion is genocide
Trump filed for reelection in 2020 on Jan. 20th 2017. This means that he, acting as candidate instead of president, can receive large sums of money from citizens as "donations" and nonprofits such as the ACLU and Planned Parenthood can not "campaign" against him without risk losing nonprofit status
The Depp Conundrum: Who Should Keep Tabs on the Money?
Republicans move to sell off 3.3m acres of national land
Sure, call Trump a Nazi. Just make sure you know what youre talking about. [written by Mike Godwin]
The Debate Over Drug Use in Mountaineering
My Parents Mixed Messages on the Holocaust
The Data That Turned the World Upside Down
When Harlem Unemployment Pays for Midtown Luxury
Fast food packaging contains potentially harmful chemicals that can leach into food. Researchers tested more than 400 samples from 27 fast food chains throughout the country.
Layoffs Taboo, Japan Workers Are Sent to the Boredom Room
What is the secret to Tokyos affordable housing?
The Immigration Ban is a Headfake, and Were Falling For It, by Jake Fuentes
Why Trumps Wall is not racist, the Muslim ban is, and why the difference matters
Bill Maher: Liberals, We Lost Because We're Offended All The Time And We Act Like Emasculated Husbands
This could be the first observational evidence that our early Universe was once a hologram Wha??
The self-righteous backlash to Trump's immigration ban could play into his hands
Whatever happened to the public intellectual? Philosophy used to be a staple of television and the newspapers. Not any longer. So where did all the philosophers go?
Public Employees: Dont Quit. Get Fired.
The Real Holocaust of WW2, the Genocide of 15+ Million Germans - The ghastly truth of the Jew orchestrated plundering, mass rape, mass murder, and subjugation of the German people in the latter days and aftermath of World War Two .. which continues to this day
Who supplies the news? On misreporting in Syria and Iraq
Pants For the Cost of A Postage Stamp, A Conversation with Jacob Yazejian, Used Clothing Exporter
Op-ed: A scientists march on Washington is a bad idea.
Fear, American Style
Steve Bannon Is Making Sure Theres No White House Paper Trail, Says Intel Source
Suspect in Quebec Mosque Attack Quickly Depicted as a Moroccan Muslim. Hes a White Nationalist.
John Arnold Made a Fortune at Enron. Now He's Declared War on Bad Science
We Must Break Out of the Social Media Echo Chamber
Bag-like sea creature was humans oldest known ancestor
This news breaks to supporters of all people who supports by knowing the hard truth
Trumps Immigration Order Could Affect Thousands Of College Students.
Obama's Secret to Surviving the White House Years: Books
SSC reviews Eichmann In Jerusalem
Utah would adopt a system of runoff elections under new proposal
The Youth Group That Launched a Movement at Standing Rock. In the fight over the Dakota Access Pipeline, Native American activists achieved one of the most galvanizing environmental victories  and it all began with a group of teenagers.
How Donald Trump Could Build an Autocracy in the U.S
It took 3 years for George W. Bush to hit 50% disapproval. Trump is there after 8 days.
During the 1980s and 1990s, gangs of teenagers in Sydney, Australia hunted gay men for sport, sometimes forcing them to jump off cliffs to their deaths.
They Thought They Were Free
The warrior monks who invented banking
President Obama directed the CIA to assassinate an American citizen despite the fact that he was never charged - let alone convicted of - any crime. He executed civilian families and his 16 year old son. President Trump just killed his 8 year old sister in another strike.
How populism taps into the human desire for punishment - a psychologist explains
3 Ways to Get Rid of President Trump Before 2020
Donald Trump's Muslim Ban is despicable, heartless...&amp; very popular with Americans.
Letter to a Trump Supporter
How to Build an Autocracy
The forgotten way African Americans stayed safe in a racist America
The Chinese man trapped in India for half a century
Donald Trumps cut in federal funding for arts and humanities education is an attack on reason itself
Every week I tell somebody that their disability has a psychological cause. When they ask me how I have come to that conclusion, all I can provide is a list of test results. When a person is paralyzed or blind, it is not difficult to see why they find that a very unsatisfactory explanation
Why the West is blind to Russian propaganda
The last 24 hours. Trial Balloon for a Coup?
Trumps Immigration Ban Is Already Harming U.S. Science. Even in Iran, you have this picture of America as a dreamland. But for people like me, this isnt the America we imagined.
The Crimes of SEAL Team 6 [long form]
Trial Balloon for a Coup?
PJ Watson Says Obama Did This Obama Did That - Not mentioning Obama who allegedly murdered his white grandmother and two of his homosexual paramours prior to becoming President, was being blackmailed by another of his alleged paramours Mossad spy and current Mayor of Chicago his ex COS Rahm Emanuel
Trump's first week is a clarifying moment in history. His actions show is consolidating power and he intends to lead by executive order rather than legislative compromise.
Is Donald Trump Just a Pawn in Steve Bannons Game? Trump is a blunt instrument for us, Bannon told Vanity Fair last summer. I dont know whether he really gets it or not.
Bannon gets a permanent seat on the National Security Council, while the director of national intelligence and chairman of the joint chiefs are told they'll be invited occasionally.
Katie Pavlich: Dems' tiresome tantrums
Stopping Fake News and Media Bias, According to Russian Americans
2017 Begins with Ranked Choice Voting Legislation in Nine States
The secret trade in baby chimps.
The Big (Ag) Cover-Up: Will Factory Farming Finally Stop Its Culture of Abuse?
How the Internet got Donald Trump elected
Department of Homeland Security will perform global country-by-country review of visa policies within the next 30 days. Countries will have 60 days to comply with new requirements.
The Fate of a Leg of a Statue of Saddam Hussein - "Kai Kobold, a German antiques dealer, recently sold what he believes to be the left leg of a statue of Saddam Hussein famously toppled by U.S. troops in April, 2003."
Climate change has caused a reproductive justice crisis, activists say, as its projected impacts lead some to question how they could have a baby with such an uncertain future.
Trump is receiving payments from foreign governments, violating part of the US Constitution
A Tale of Two Moralities: Regional Inequality and Moral Polarization
Who was the abandoned man with no memory? - BBC News
Sorry Donald Duck, I will be missing you.
Uber did nothing wrong, but that couldnt stop the liberal outrage of #deleteUber
The Most Widely Read Magazine in the World
Cropdusting in Texas, Has a Super Cool Air Tractor AT-602 With a P&amp;W PT6A-60AG Turbine Engine - The dude loading the hopper sans PPE is exposed to chemicals known to increase rates of brain cancer, autism, infertility, miscarriage, Parkinson's &amp; Alzheimers Diseases, psychosis &amp; multiple sclerosis
Psychology Professor Dan P. McAdams: "try to understand who the president is. And when you learn that there isnt much behind the mask except for these narcissistic goals and authoritarian values, thats important to learn, and it helps you predict what kind of president he is going to be."
What the Bible says about welcoming refugees
This American Carnage
Trumps Muslim Ban Is Culmination of War on Terror Mentality but Still Uniquely Shameful
Trump's new FCC pick poses threat to net neutrality
Trucker Video: Steelyard Blues, Near Miss @ 14:14
The ACLU just won temporary relief blocking parts of Trumps Immigration ban
The Muscovian Candidate? An indepth look at the relationship between Trump and Russia
El Chapo and the Secret History of the Heroin Crisis
Anne Frank and her family were also denied entry as refugees to the U.S.
Trumps Immigration Ban Excludes Countries With Business Ties
The Presidents House Is Empty
Rights groups provide jihad with free services
Late Nite Truck Wash, Ohio - 4:46 Dude in front should be wearing a Hi V vest
Yeah Go Ahead and Blame Obama &amp; Donald Trump - They are patsies for drone strikes and extra judicial killings just like Bush &amp; Cheney are 911 patsies - The Zionists who run US politics put corrupt Gentiles into nominally powerful positions so they have scapegoats on hand to blame for Jew wickedness
What Democracy? Muslim Ban Predates Trump - He Only Made It Public
Allies in Combat, Now Unwanted: Iraqi and Afghan interpreters who helped U.S. troops were eligible for special visas. But an order signed by President Trump has put them in limbo.
Why Russia is about to decriminalise wife-beating
The Much Lauded Fred Korematsu @ NPR.org - He avoided the truth, the Japanese never bombed Pearl Harbor Dec. 7, 1941 it was a replay of the 1898 USS Maine incident that precipitated war between the US and Spain, whereby the US obtained dominion over the Philippines, Hawaii, Cuba, Guam &amp; Puerto Rico
A Perspective on American Fascism
Trumps Real Trade Problem Is Money
A message to my doomed colleagues in the American media
Quebec Mosque Attack - False Flag Inside Job Conspiracy!
Protests and outrage surrounding Trump's Immigration order are effecting how the government is implementing the ban
Malevolence Tempered by Incompetence: Trumps Horrifying Executive Order on Refugees and Visas
The Data That Turned the World Upside Down
Our election system is broken.
How this feminist found herself sympathising with the men's rights movement
The Battle for Late Night Television
Chicago Police Department Goes High-Tech to Fight Rise in Killings
White House Inc Connects Callers to Trump Businesses While White House Comment Line Is Closed
Love and Black Lives, in Pictures Found on a Brooklyn Street
Death in the clouds: The problem with Everests 200+ bodies. They lie frozen in time, thousands of metres above sea level. The grim death toll on Everest is becoming impossible to ignore.
Presidents Before Trump Have Meddled With The EPA  It Didnt Go Well
This Is What It's Like to Come to the United States as a Refugee
The Science Is In: Greater Equality Makes Societies Healthier
In Venezuela, we couldnt stop Chvez. Dont make the same mistakes we did
Watching the Donald show is fun, but look out for the real action offscreen - Niall Ferguson
5-Year Lobbying Ban for Administration Officials
Peter Thiel is one of the richest capitalist on earth. He is worth billions of dollars. He campaigned for Donald Trump and gave him money. He helped Trump become President. But just in case things go wrong in America, he became a New Zealand citizen, got a foreign passport, and built a bunker there
Five Reasons Congress Should Repeal Trumps Immigrant &amp; Refugee Ban
"Placing visa restrictions on certain Muslim majority countries seems to have caused a greater moral outrage than bombing them"
Make America Bohemian Again
Spoiling the 'Spoiler' Effect and Making Elections Better with Ranked Choice Voting. (New Reason ...
Every true Californian should take a moment to look at this.
'You Can't Live in a Museum': The Battle for Greenland's Uranium
Understanding demonetisation: Why theres a war on cash (and you are in the middle of it)
A Better Approach to Violent Crime
In Venezuela, we couldnt stop Chvez. Dont make the same mistakes we did.
The Disastrous Consequences of Trumps New Immigration Rules
Whenever there is an authoritarian coup, people insist that it cant persist because the results are going to be so bad for the people who believe in it. This is never the way it works. There is no political cost for Trump in being contemptuous of truth and reason. This is how he achieved power.
Senator Elizabeth Warren accused JP Morgan CEO Jamie Dimon of engaging in illegal activities. His response ? He leaned back, slowly smiled, and then replied So hit me with a fine. We can afford it"
A deeper look into how PETA functions and the messaging behind their protests. Erika Adams spoke with Christopher Merrow about veganism, animal rights vs anti-cruelty, and how everyday citizens view the organization.
Bre-X: The real story and scandal that inspired the movie Gold
Living in Dangerous Times
If Youre Going to Deport Mexicans, Why Not the Irish?
Reality: Humanity can't indefinitely avoid using nuclear weapons
A Yazidi Refugee, Stranded at the Airport by Trump
Did A Former National Parks Employee Violate The CFAA By Tweeting About Climate Change?
White House Advisor Steven Bannon : We have a brutal form of capitalism creating wealth for very few people. Workers are used and treated like commodities. We need change. "I'm a Leninist. Lenin wanted to destroy the state and thats my goal too. I want to bring everything crashing down"
Flashman Says "My Great Grandparents Were Denied Asylum in Australia &amp; Were Murdered in Auschwitz" - The Jew terrorists who were hoppin' about in glee filming as the WTC Twin Towers came down on 911 have had "asylum" in Brisbane since the day of the outrage - Katherine Schweitzer / Steven Goldsmith
Why Pascals Wager Is Eminently Modern - Facts So Romantic
Trump, Alternative Facts, and Abuse  The Stories
China's Worst Policy Mistake? The Human Side of the One-Child Policy
U.S. Wage Disparity Took Another Turn for the Worse Last Year. The rich-poor pay gap is getting wider.
How a Silicon Valley Campaign Strategy Won it for Trump
Will France Sound the Death Knell for Social Democracy?--As a presidential election approaches this spring, even workers in the countrys rust belt are embracing right-wing populism.
Facts Aren't Enough to Save Liberal Democracy
An American Despot: People with faith in Americas ability to resist Donald Trump havent been paying attention
Twilight Of The Liberal World Order
Unrestrained global capitalism is overwhelming nature and governements. Extreme inequality, climate change and instability are rising everywhere. Make no mistake, the election of Donald Trump is the symptom of a deep systemic crisis. Political Order is breaking down and this can get a lot worse
North Carolina ran one of the largest and most aggressive sterilization programs in the U.S., and now the state is attempting to find and recognize survivors of its eugenics program
Trump's hostile takeover of the American brand
A Dust Over India
Where were the protesters during Obama's eight years of war?
The Other Side Is Not Dumb.
Satire has become a form of entertainment meant to affirm the like-minded, rather than an entertaining form of critique.
How Author Timothy Tyson Found the Woman at the Center of the Emmett Till Case; With a renewed cultural interest in the 1955 murder that catalyzed the 20th century civil rights movement, an interview with the author of a new book who tracked down the long-hidden woman at its center.
This is California's plan to revolt against Donald Trump
6 tactics marketers and salespeople use to persuade you
We Are a Nation of Outlaws
Trump says Syrian refugees arent vetted. We are. Heres what we went through.
"I Was Trained for the Culture Wars in Home School, Awaiting Someone Like Mike Pence as a Messiah"
The (dis)information mercenaries now controlling Trumps databases - Now that Trump, his SuperPACs and even their vendors have got a ton of data on every American, what could they do with that?
Third time's a charm: Singer proposes approval voting bill at start of legislative session
NYDailyNews.com Brings Race Into the Alleged Mass Shootings Phenomenon - In contempt of volumes of evidence not limited to blatantly fake testimony and the presence of crisis actors that proves the alleged events were staged - Twenty One False Flag / Hoax American Shootings
The long history of "Nazi punching" and the return of the "antifas"
True Meaning of Baptism - PT 3 ~ Jennifer Quetant
Professor Scott Aaronson speaks out against Trump's suspension of US visas to people from seven majority-Islamic countries, discussing the future of his Iranian PhD student
How to Lose the War on Terror: the Ripple Effect of banning Syrian Refugees
Why Central Banks Should Offer Bank Accounts to Everyone
The Source: the human cost hidden in that cup of coffee
Fear of a Muslim Planet
The Rise of Finance and The Fall of American Business - Evonomics
Why Fractals Are So Soothing: Art meets Science
Despite no evidence, White House says Trump stands by voter fraud belief
They call it fun, but the digital giants are turning workers into robots. When it comes to anything that involves a human being and a car, van or lorry, the same tracking means productivity must be squeezed out of every second
Regarding Corporate Income Taxes - what would be the best solution to benefit workers? Don't lower them, eliminate them
Voting Should Be Mandatory
On the reception and detection of pseudo-profound bullshit
The $99 Billion Idea: How Uber and Airbnb Fought City Hall, Won Over the People, Outlasted Rivals, and Figured Out the Sharing Economy.
Holocaust My Arse: Gas the Jews who jumped for joy filming Sept. 11, 2001 while Americans died behind locked fire doors at the upper levels of both WTC Towers - There was no Anne Frank if there had been the Zionists who took out the rest of the non Z Jews would have gassed her too - Hitler was a Jew
We Will Miss Antibiotics When Theyre Gone
Study from 2012 now corrected to show liberals, not conservatives, more authoritarian
Dogs &amp; homeless forge a life-saving bond. Its common to see homeless people take dishes of food someone gives them &amp; despite being hungry themselves, divide it in half &amp; give it to their dogs. Its equally common to see homeless in dirty clothing sitting next to their well-groomed dogs.
Is Donald Trump the Next Jimmy Carter?
Why do we fall for fake news?
Donald Trump: His Mothers Son
Trump Knows You Better Than You Know Yourself
Play with the numbers yourself to see why Trump is wrong about the cost of a border wall
How to Culture Jam a Populist in Four Easy Steps | Caracas Chronicles
Get Ready for the First Shocks of Trumps Disaster Capitalism
How to Lose the War on Terror
The Case Against Vladimir Putin: He was a KGB Officer who came to power in 1999 prior to being Boris Yeltsin's Chief of Staff - Yeltsin's rise came after around 160 members of the Russian Legislature were slain inside the Legislative Chamber October 4, 1993 - Putin will be charged as being complicit
With the most recent proposal to defund PBS, it is perhaps appropriate to repost Mr. Rogers' exceptionally eloquent defense of public broadcasting to the US Senate
Politics Behind NYT's Misuse of Language
What really happened to the Marines who disappeared during the last battle of Vietnam?
The Master: How Scientology Works
An Oklahoma Horror Story - The final six days in the life of 37-year-old Army veteran Elliott Earl Williams in a Tulsa County Jail [added video]
Scientific evidences show direct link between poor understanding of the physical world - and paranormal and religious beliefs
Forum editorial: 'Approval voting' for Fargo?
Finding My Heart in the Trump Era
This Bad Lip Reading is really interesting to me. Can anyone do a good lip reading to see what Trump/Obama &amp; Bush/Clinton are actually saying?
How My Grandfathers Proved Their Loyalty to America -- "One was part German. The other was born in Japan. Their stories show a crack in the faade of the Greatest Generation."
Will France Sound the Death Knell for Social Democracy?
How Bruce Lee Exploded a Stereotype With a One-Inch Punch
Rob Johnson : America is in deep trouble. American elites are ready to leave the country. I know several hedge-fund managers buying airstrips and farms because they think they need a getaway
Peak Millennial? Cities Cant Assume a Continued Boost From the Young
Mainers Approve Ranked Choice Voting
belsju@gmail.com /Skype-hfr.jan https://vimeo.com/196459542 [URL=http://tinypic.com/r/24qpsn8/9]View My Video[/URL] /Banknotes bypass bank atm and shop machines Available in Canadian dollar,US dollar, euro ,gbp 20s courier time to usa and europe takes 5/6 days
Donald Trump Is The First President To Turn Postmodernism Against Itself
Knights of Malta head resigns after dispute with Vatican
What's life like in Supermax prison? "The Supermax is life after death," said Hood, who served as ADX warden from 2002 to 2005. "It's long term. ... In my opinion, it's far much worse than death."
XPost: The MLK's in Dallas Update - Zero response from blacks world wide indicates they as a race approve of the murder and of the LK's treachery - The natural counter to which is they are "fair game," and can be shot down like the Luther Kings shot John Kennedy down the moment they are in range
Trumps new FCC chief is Ajit Pai, and he wants to destroy net neutrality
A Psychiatrist Who Survived The Holocaust Explains Why Meaningfulness Matters More Than Happiness
California v. Trump: The fight begins for health care, immigration, and the future of America
Why Trump's Staff Is Lying
When the White Nationalists Came to Washington
Trickle-Down Health Care: How We Could Actually Fix The US Health System
COMMENTARY: Means, goals and consequences of the pro-Kremlin disinformation campaign
Why Trump-Sanders Phenomenon Signals an Oligarchy on the Brink of a Civilization-Threatening Collapse
The most liberal and conservative jobs in America
Obama Stayed Out of the Swamp, and That Hurt Him
San Francisco asks: Where have all the children gone?
What Trump Is Throwing Out the Window
For Widows, Life After Loss: In some cultures, the death of a husband has meant exile, vulnerability, and abuse. But bereaved women are beginning to fight back.
How Franklin Leonard Created the Hollywood List Everyone Wants to Be On
Former Secret Service Agents Howl Foul - The entire Secret Service has been part of the John Kennedy assassination conspiracy since day one - Check Afro Secret Serviceman Abraham Bolden who makes much of his being the first black on the Presidential Protection Detail standing with shooters on the GK
Donald Trump Wants to Torture - This revolting creep had prior knowledge of the 911 attacks as per his Jan. 2000 tome "The America We Deserve," wherein he preempts the official line &amp; names Osama bin Laden as "Public Enemy Number 1" - Except OBL denied guilt as a Moslem as well we know Jews did it
This is Psychological Warfare: Trumps Laugh Track is Tricking America
The US to experience 'dangerous' global warming up to 20 years before most of the rest of the world. The densely populated Northeast will hit 3C of warming when the global average is at 2C, models predict.
How Trump Could Shrink the Government (While Still Keeping the Good Stuff)
Spanish scientists create a 3-D bioprinter to print human skin
How would you feel about a half-human half-chimp hybrid?
Neanderthals Were People, Too - New research shows they shared many behaviors that we long believed to be uniquely human. Why did science get them so wrong?
The Radical Crusade of Mike Pence
All This Stuff About How Donald Trump Will Issue "Executive Orders," is Hype - There is no provision nor statute in the US Constitution that permits such a thing!
Riyadhs claim of wanting peace in Yemen is a fallacy
The Tsar Bell -- The largest bell in the world sits in a courtyard at the Kremlin as a 200-ton tourist attraction. It has never been hearduntil now, using digital tools.
Do Regulations Really Kill Jobs? - Republicans love to blame the Environmental Protection Agency for some of the countrys economic woes. Is that a fair assertion?
NAFTA and other trade deals have not gutted American manufacturing  period
All References to Climate Change Have Been Deleted From the White House Website
Doomsday Prep for the Super-Rich
Doomsday Prep for the Super-Rich
"Two lives in free fall": How Title IX can affect students
Taken: A case of a toddler snatched from a High street Store and the response
What To Do About The Trump Thing
Childish Gambino. Atlanta. Lando Calrissian. Inside the Weird, Industry-Altering World of Donald Glover
A Minority President: Why the Polls Failed, And What the Majority Can Do
Study: Millennials really are making less than their parents did
U.S. Attorney General : We can't prosecute some banks if they break the law because they are too big. If we start bringing criminal charges, it will hurt the economy
Cheapening a Sacred Space: Trump's CIA Speech Was No Way to Honor Sacrifice
Newly declassified Bin Laden documents reveal deeper ties between Al Qaeda and Iran
Is punching Richard Spencer inciting violence or 'American as apple pie'? - The Guardian
You Are Not The Target Audience (a Defense of black block tactics)
Video Smokescreens Yisraeli Guilt For the 911 Attacks &amp; Dumps a Bucket on "Bush &amp; Cheney," who were traitors to the United States for sure but patsies none the less - It blows rogue Jew psychiatrist Steve Pieczenik's whistle, who is wanted in Italy for CIA thence Zionist sponsored terrorism &amp; murder
How To Fight 30 Years For Your Life's Purpose
Is Liberalism The New Face Of Domestic Terrorism?
What So Many People Don't Get About the U.S Working Class
Neo-Nazi Richard Spencer Got PunchedYou Can Thank the Black Bloc
America, You Look Like an Arab Country Right Now
The Past, Present, and Future of the War for Public Opinion
'Mass Flourishing' by Edmund Phelps | book review by Edward L. Glaeser
CGP Grey's Politics in the Animal Kingdom
How To Disable Working of Any Sensor On Android - WhySolution
The night Kansas City baseball came back to life
The Rise of Trump and Isis Have More in Common Than You Might Think
Nobody stealing your jobs, you spend too much on wars, Alibaba founder tells US
Australia: The Canberra Times Toots Pauline Hanson's Flute - From here it looks like the Times and Hanson are soft on terrorism, else there is another reason they have remained mute in the face of the Queensland &amp; Australian Governments granting Mossad and Tamil terrorists right of way
What Do You Do if a Red State Moves to You?--Many Americans woke up after the election to discover that they lived in Trump Country. In one corner of Wisconsin, shocked liberals cant escape an uneasy feeling: They were the reason why.
How I turned a traffic ticket into the constitutional trial of the century
Fewer and lonelier: Why the celibate priesthood is in crisis
Dear Mr. Putin, Lets Play Chess: A Unified Theory of Russia's attack on the West
What changes will Donald J. Trump make to our education system? An honest look at his vision.
The Impossible Burger aims to revolutionize the way we eat
Plato predicts fall of democracy to tyranny
Jesus christ, this gif of Melania at the inauguration is more chilling than any news story about Trump that we've seen yet. Um ... discuss?
In a Rust Belt Town, the Womens March Draws Shrugs and Cheers From Afar
Man Boasts Of Sexual Assault, Later Inaugurated 45th President Of United States
Punching Richard Spencer
They Called Her Mrs. Sherlock Holmes: The mysterious case of the first female U.S. District Attorney, and the morbid murder investigation that put her on the map
LA Review of Books - "America, America" A look at how we ended up with Trump. What it means and what we can do about it.
It would mean so much if you could donate/share
JournalNeo Beats the Berlin Christmas Attack Drum, in contempt of evidence the entire affair was yet another False Flag / Hoax - Germans spurn clear evidence of Jewish guilt for the attacks of September 11, 2001, and accept the blame for the Holocaust despite Hitler &amp; all of the top Nazis were Jews
History isn't a 'useless' major. It teaches critical thinking, something America needs plenty more of
How the Sugar Industry Shifted Blame to Fat
Taser Internationals training materials warn that its weapons can cause death, but the company has released statements stressing that they are generally safe and effective.
20 ways to defend democracy from authoritarianism, according to a Yale historian
The Women's March and the Limits of Protest
How to do what you love and make good money
In Navient Lawsuits, Unsettling Echoes of Past Lending Crisis
A pharmaceutical company has settled a $100 million lawsuit with the FTC for engaging in anti-competitive behaviour that allowed them to increase the price of a drug by 85,000%.
Donald Trump Touts the Official 911 Line in His January 2000 Tome "The America We Deserve" - "I am convinced we are in danger of a terror attack that will make the 1993 WTC Bombing look like firecrackers, a shadowy figure named Osama bin Laden is Public Enemy Number 1" - Too damn cute, Jews did it
UnReddit/r/Anarchism: It is OK to Punch Nazis &amp; ISIS Supporters - Get stuck right into George Soros then, he's the one funding ISIS which is the Israel Secret Intelligence Service in any case, who as a teenage Nazi in Hungary during WW2 "cataloged" the possessions of Jews sent to Auschwitz
The Scientist Who Shot His Photos with a Gun and Inspired Futurism
Trump will have to decide who builds the first exascale supercomputer: Europe, China, Japan, or the U.S.
Jack Kennedy Schlossberg Grandstands at the Kennedy Center Honors - Too bad this wretched creature lacks the courage to speak the truth re the murders of Senator Robert &amp; President John Kennedy, and the highly suspicious plane crash that took out his kinsman John F Kennedy Jr his wife &amp; her sister
Slate: Oregon Has One of the Worst Criminal Justice Systems in the US - Things are no better in Washington State, the matter of alleged Green River Killer Gary Ridgway who claims seventy one kills is a case in point
As with tradition, President Obama leaves a letter for his successor in the Oval office before he departs.
Market Forces, Not Ideology, Drive Colleges to Cut American-History Requirements
Inside Putin's Information War. An article demonstrating the unexpected media sophistication behind modern Russian propaganda
Why America Has a President Instead of an Exalted Highness
If you were an elephant
Why The Alt-Right Is Right - The Critique
Virus of the Mind  How Memetics is Leading to the Next Paradigm Shift
How the power of psychographic advertising helped Trump and Brexit win - advertising firm used by both campaigns claims to have as many as 3,000 to 5,000 data points on each of us
Technological progress alone wont stem resource use
Life  2017 Edition
Taibbi Reviews Thomas Friedman's 'Thank You for Being Late'
Democrats in the Wilderness: Inside a decimated partys not-so-certain revival strategy.
Buzz Aldrins Death Bed Confession - "The Moon Landing Was Faked!"
How Deutsche Bank Made a $462 Million Loss Disappear
Voat: MT Meets The Don .. at six years of age on a Saturday afternoon father says to get ready, Donald Bradman was on his way and I would be entertaining him :(
How the Fake News Crisis of 1896 Explains Trump. William Jennings Bryan, the populist presidential hopeful, warned of an epidemic of fake news in his day.
How the town of Whitefish defeated its neo-Nazi trolls  and became a national model of resistance
The Trouble with Quantum Mechanics
In Iceland, teenage smoking, drinking and drug use have been radically cut in the past 20 years. Here's how they did it, and why other countries wont follow suit.
Orion Magazine | Dark Ecology
Yes, Trumps Cabinet is super rich. Thats not why we should be worried.
"We are the Last Defense," Daron Acemoglu on Trump's election.
Who is Anna-Senpai, the Mirai Worm Author?
2016's New Temperature Record Proves Climate Change Is Moving Disturbingly Fast. This is now the fifth time that the temperature record has been shattered in the current century
Diarrhea, Drunkenness And Dead Birds: 200 Years Of Inaugural Mishaps
Video: Lesbian Fever, Lauren Southern Seeks Gender Non Binary Status, she says she is attracted to girls and wants to be identified as a man
Libor scandal: the bankers who fixed the worlds most important number. With arrogant disregard for the rules, traders colluded for years to rig Libor, the banks lending rate. But after the crash, the regulators were on their trail.
WorldNewsDaily.com: Sir Paul McCartney Refutes Ringo Starrs Assertion he Died in 1966 - Stating "Ringo is growing senile and losing his mind, he could just invent crap about himself without implicating me in his delirium" - Billy Shears, Sergeant Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band leader mentioned
Student Debt Payback Far Worse Than Believed
US appeals court upholds suspension of Trump travel ban
Far-right German politician convicted for refugee shelter arson - BBC News
The Trump Organization is returning to a long-dormant licensing deal involving a beachfront luxury resort in the Dominican Republic, testing the limits of Donald Trump's pledge to halt new international Trump-branded projects during his presidency.
Russian air strike kills Turkey soldiers - President Putin apologises after Russian air strike accidentally kills three Turkish soldiers in Syria, Turkey says
Wikipedia bans the Daily Mail as a source for being 'unreliable'
Canadian man battling schizophrenia missing since 2012 believed to have walked from Ontario to Brazil. Found wandering the rainforest 5 years after he disappeared.
China sends Trump 'high praise' after letter to Xi seeking 'constructive' relationship
Radiation levels discovered at crippled Fukushima plant too high for robot
Russia's Putin has not been invited to G7 summit - Italy
Brexit four times worse for UK economy than previously thought, say MIT economists
Trump promises Chinese president he'll honor 'One China' policy - President Trump told Chinese President Xi Jinping Thursday night that he will honor the One China policy that recognizes Beijing as the only legitimate Chinese government.
Eight countries sign up to counter Trump's global anti-abortion move
Julian Assange will be evicted from Ecuadorian embassy, presidential hopeful says
Over 300 whales die in mass stranding in New Zealand.
China to take fingerprints of all foreign travellers entering country.
Syrias Assad tells Yahoo News some refugees are 'definitely' terrorists
Russia calls Romania a 'clear threat' and Nato outpost for hosting US missile shield
In his first call as president with Russian leader Vladimir Putin, Donald Trump denounced a treaty that caps U.S. and Russian deployment of nuclear warheads as a bad deal for the United States, according to two U.S. officials and one former U.S. official with knowledge of the call
Human Slaughterhouse: Amnesty International Says Up to 13,000 Hanged at Syrian Prison. Prisoners routinely beaten and forced to rape one another.
More than 100 people have been reported killed, with schools, businesses closed and public transportation at a standstill, as a six-day strike by police in the Brazilian state shows no signs of abating.
This is not a Christian gesture: Pope Francis denounces walls while praising immigrants
Major evacuations in train stations across Sweden after multiple bomb threats
Peru's government proposes to legalise medical marijuana
Explosion at Flamanville nuclear power plant, local media report
US President Trump says he will respect one China policy in a phone call with China's president Xi Jinping
Shocking footage of dolphins being packaged into crates was taken in Indonesia by campaign group Jakarta Animal Aid Network (JAAN)
Suspected terror attack in Israel: At least 4 hurt in Petah Tikva shooting, stabbing - Israel News
All of Iceland's major volcanoes showing unusually high levels of activity.
The big melt: Global sea ice at record low | 100,000 square miles less than the previous January record low set just last year.
Russia calls Romania 'a clear threat' and NATO outpost: Ifax
A Canadian man who has been missing for five years has been found more than 10,460km away in the Amazon jungle.
Turkey fires 4,464 teachers, police in crackdown
UK Government accused of trying to kill off UK solar industry before it can become cheapest form of electricity - Official figures project solar will be less expensive than gas in the next few years, but a massive new tax hike could put that at risk
Argentina's president Mauricio Macri uses state funds to pay his family's $4.4B debt
Greens move to bar 'racist, xenophobic' Trump from visiting Australia
'Security alert in Brussels' after massive blackout plunges entire centre of EU capital into darkness
Over 100 dead in Brazil as police strike spurs anarchy
US President Donald Trump's wall won't deter migrants, says Mexican official
Iran launches new missile just days after being hit by US sanctions over previous ballistic launch
Massive ice shelf break forces Antarctic researchers to evacuate
Japan to accept only 300 refugees over 5 years
Cities in Brazil suffering from "purge-like" conditions as economic crisis worsens.
Le Pen: French Jews will have to give up Israeli citizenship
European terror attacks halted as German police arrest two known African Islamic extremists and Turkish cops seize four ISIS members with 24 suicide belts A 27-year-old Algerian and a 23-year-old Nigerian were arrested in dawn raids
Sweden's migrant chaos continues to rocket as nearly 100 asylum homes deliberately torched
Two US defense officials told CNN that there was an "unsafe" close encounter between a US Navy P-3 Orion aircraft and a Chinese surveillance aircraft Wednesday. One official said the Chinese plane was a People's Liberation Army Air Force KJ-200
Internet Backbone Provider Cogent Blocks Pirate Bay and other "Pirate" Sites
Panama raids Mossack Fonseca over Odebrecht bribery scandal
President Trump Phones Iraqi PM About Travel Ban - President Trump phoned Iraqi Prime Minister Haider Al-Abadi on Thursday night amid an increasingly strained bilateral relationship following Trumps executive order travel ban last month.
EU must kick coal habit by 2030 and the rest of the world by 2050 to meet Paris emissions targets, report says
Japan took in just 28 refugees in 2016, despite record applications
Hundreds of whales die in mass stranding on New Zealand beach
Trump reverses position, back's China's "One China" policy claim to Taiwan in a private call.
Ultra-nationalists have reportedly erected a swastika several meters high, despite the symbol being banned in Germany. Police in Bavaria have expressed worries about the rise of far-right crime in the region
Vladimir Putin calls snap Russia air-raid drill involving 45,000 troops and 150 aircraft
Trump endorses 'One China' policy in phone call with Xi Jinping
Buddhist monks in Myanmar protest arrival of a ship from Malaysia carrying aid for thousands of Rohingya people: "We want to let them know that we have no Rohingya here," a Buddhist monk said at the docks.
Russian hackers get burned in deal with Russia's spy agency
Trump backs 'One China' policy
Canada town feels burden of refugees crossing from US
The Eiffel Tower is to get a glass security wall in response to France's terror threat
Justin Trudeau and Donald Trump to meet Monday in Washington
Royal Air Force jets scramble to intercept Russian bombers circling UK and Ireland
At least five infected with HIV after dirty needles used at Chinese hospital
U.S., Chinese military planes in 'unsafe' encounter over disputed South China Sea
Eiffel Tower to be surrounded by bulletproof anti-terror glass wall | The wrought iron tower has been surrounded by metal fences since last year's European football championships. The new proposal is part of a 300 million euro upgrade of the aging structure
Exclusive - Trump border 'wall' to cost $21.6 billion, take 3.5 years to build: Homeland Security internal report
Israeli Arab beaten by passersby who mistook him for a terrorist
Eclipse, full moon and a comet to occur at the same time and light up the night sky in rare event - Comet 45P/Honda-Mrkos-Pajdukov  which blazes bright green with a huge purple tail  will be the headliner of a huge line-up
RAF Typhoon jets scrambled to intercept Russian bombers north of Scotland
Three injured in market attack near Tel Aviv
Trump backs One China policy in 'cordial' call with Xi - BBC News
Assad: Some refugees are "definitely" terrorists
Russian President Vladimir Putin has not been invited to this year's G7 summit of world leaders, Italian Prime Minister Paolo Gentiloni said
France fears that Russia is trying to push Marine Le Pen to victory
Residents Can Play Soccer Again In Mosul Without Islamic State Rules
Canadians want Trudeau to stand up to Trump, even if it leads to trade war: poll
Riots in France - a feeling of injustice: The violent arrest of a young black man has triggered several nights of riots in France.
The Purge in Brazil: Police strike in Espirito Santo leaves 100 dead amid anarchy
Armed forces take over Esprito Santo, Brazil; days after 'The Purge' became reality. 113 dead.
French Intelligence Agency Braces for Russian Bots to Back Le Pen
Whistleblower reveals passport fraud - Venezuela may have given passports to people with ties to terrorism.
China upgrades military infrastructure on South China Sea islands, report claims
National security adviser Flynn discussed sanctions with Russian ambassador, despite denials, officials say
China, U.S. Warplanes Had Unsafe South China Sea Encounter
Ecuador really can't wait for Julian Assange to move out of its embassy
New species of amoeba is named after a character in The Lord of the Rings
Rare Black-Maned Ethiopian Lion Caught on Video
Race to save 100 stranded whales on New Zealand beach
Top State Department Economist: US Sanctions In Russia Are Working Pretty Great
Violence erupts in South African parliament as opposition parties refuse to let president Zuma give his state of the nation address.
French nuclear power plant explosion: Blast at Flamanville station 'does not cause radioactive leak'
New EU rules will remove geoblocking so customers can use online subscription services, like Netflix, abroad
Dutch police say seize materials to make one billion Ecstasy pills
Endangered penguins hunting for fish in wrong place after climate change creates 'ecological trap' - Global warming is having different effects on different animals and plants so the tell-tales signs used by African penguins to find their prey no longer point in the right direction
Paris to Build Barrier Around Eiffel Tower to Counter Terrorism
Isis file reveals 'problem' foreign fighters are refusing to fight in Iraq - From sick notes to claims of martyr missions in Europe, the documents show jihadis are losing faith on the front line
CHIPS OFF THE TABLE Trump says US will honor 'one China' policy
Canada town feels burden of refugees crossing US border
Bullet-proof glass wall to be built around base of Eiffel Tower to protect against terrorists
S Australia's electricity market operator denies being asleep at the wheel during blackout: Another electricity shortage in Wednesday caused blackouts for 40,000 people. He admitted there was an error in the forecast.
Hungary plans to detain migrants in shipping containers | Budapest has said all migrants will be sent to detention centers while their asylum applications are pending. Prime Minister Orban admitted that this puts his country is in "open conflict" with the European Union
Common method of cooking rice can leave traces of arsenic in food, scientist warns
Travel ban ruling: judges refuse to reinstate Trump's order  live | US news
After Silence From Xi, Trump Endorses One China Policy
French nuclear plant fire comes amid industry turmoil
Paris to build 8-foot-high bulletproof glass wall around Eiffel Tower
Universal basic income 'useless', says Finland's biggest union
Power failure plunges parts of Brussels into darkness
China probes seven for graft in Xinjiang's restive deep south
Massive ice shelf break forces Antarctic researchers to evacuate
New Zealand men convicted of gay sex to have records wiped
Travel ban shuts out Yazidis despite their suffering at the hands of Isis
Paris shooting: Two dead after gunfire heard in city centre
Members of Rochdale grooming gang face deportation to Pakistan
Almost 90% of new power in Europe from renewable sources in 2016 - Wind energy overtakes coal as the EUs second largest form of power capacity but concerns remain over politicians enthusiasm for renewables
USFK Chief Hints at Preemptive Strikes Against N.Korean Missiles
US, Chinese Aircraft in 'Unsafe' Encounter Over S. China Sea
Trump backs "One China" policy in call with China's Xi
Peru ex-president Alejandro Toledo faces arrest on bribery charges
Church laws deliberately misused to cover up sex claims: Royal Commission
Yemen's food crisis: 'We are broken, we die either from bombing or hunger'
The first comprehensive assessment of Europe's crickets and grasshoppers has found that more than a quarter of species are being driven to extinction.
Queensland heatwave could break hot weather records
Rio Olympic venues already falling into a state of disrepair
Global brand names inadvertently funding Neo-Nazi and Islamist extremist websites through online adverts
Elite Hamas fighters defecting to Islamic State
US visa applicants could be asked for Facebook passwords in Donald Trump border crackdown
US does not dare carry out attack on Iran: Ali Akbar Velayati, adviser to supreme leader, calls US efforts to halt Iran's missile programme 'worthless fantasies'.
Qatar spending $500m a week on World Cup infrastructure projects - BBC News
US univ invites Dalai Lama: Chinese media warns overseas Indians of consequences
Official: Military Force of UN Mission Will Likely Go Soon
Brexit will cause 'vanishingly small' fall in net migration - report - Reduction was a core wish of leave voters, but overall figure will probably fall by less than 15%, thinktank predicts
Instagram generation is fuelling UK food waste mountain, study finds - Research highlights generational divide in attitudes towards food as millennials focus on its appearance while buying too much
Poland wants nuclear weapons for Europe | Europe | DW.COM | 07.02.2017
Panama's Attorney General's Office ordered a search of offices of Mossack-Fonseca, a law firm it accuses of setting up offshore accounts, that allowed a Brazilian construction company to funnel bribes to various countries.
China moves to stop taking organs from prisoners: UN
Germanys new front-runner: The Schulz - In a zany political climate, the former president of the European Parliament sees his electoral fortunes rise
Trump speaks with Afghan leader, U.S. commander calls for more troops
New support for British spaceports
Former mayor of London renounces US citizenship due to US citizenship based taxation
Hezbollah supporters in Beirut hold rare protest against party decision
Mexico's big fears: Gas prices 1st, Trump 2nd
U.S., China military planes come inadvertently close over South China Sea
Over 400 pilot whales strand on Farewell Spit, New Zealand The Department of Conservation say 416 pilot whales stranded overnight
Malaysia, N.Korea sign MOU on cultural exchange
Over 100 dead in Brazil as police strike spurs anarchy
Archaeologists have found a cave that once housed Dead Sea scrolls in a cliff in the Judean desert - the first such discovery in over 60 years.
Royal Air Force jets scramble to intercept Russian bombers circling UK and Ireland
Russian hackers get burned in deal with Russia's spy agency
Trump Ready to Approve Blocked Arms Sales to Saudi Arabia and Bahrain
Germany warns the City over Brexit risk
China to take fingerprints of foreign visitors as security step
Abe hopes to avoid landing in rough in golf outing with Trump
Ghana presidential fleet 'missing 200 cars' - Ghana's new government is trying to track down more than 200 cars missing from the president's office, a government spokesman has said.
US sources indicate Trump to support two-state solution
Japan May Woo Trump with 700,000 U.S. Jobs and a $7 Billion Factory
China to start fingerprinting foreign visitors, Terrorists with fake ID documents one of concerns
US commander tells Congress: More troops needed in Afghanistan
Venezuela falls behind on oil-for-loan deals with China, Russia
Turkey detains 4 IS suspects, seizes 24 suicide attack belts
A rash of invisible, fileless malware is infecting banks around the globe
Thousands of blue jellyfish invade Australian shore
'Christianity theme park' in Mao Zedong's home province sparks outrage - Neo-Maoists express fury online over project in city of Changsha, regarded as Chinese communisms answer to Mecca
50,000 women in Germany have suffered genital mutilation: report
Scottish MPs whistle Ode to Joy during Brexit vote
Venezuela falls behind on oil-for-loan deals with China, Russia
BBC News: Material for billion ecstasy pills seized in Netherlands
Trump denounced nuclear arms treaty in phone call with Putin  sources | World news
Indias Own Islamic State: How An Extremist Has Carved Out A Mini Islamic State In India's Bengal State
Bomb Threats Force Evacuation of Swedish Trains
Cardinal George Pell condemns anti-religious demands he return to Australian to face child abuse inquiry
Hundreds of thousands rally in Iran against Trump, chant Death to America
Venezuela falls behind on oil-for-loan deals with China, Russia
Radical Islam on rise in Belgian mosques
Merkel forced to deny Germany planning to lead a European nuclear superpower
Trump to reaffirm security commitment to Japan PM
China, Russia dispatch warships for Pak naval drill in Arabian Sea: Initiated in 2007, the naval drill is held every two years. This time, the drill will see the participation of the navies of 12 countries
Japanese Prime Minister to Meet With Trump at White House, Mar-a-Lago
German Chancellor Angela Merkel is set to unveil plans to significantly increase deportations of failed asylum seekers.
Liberal MP's anti-Islamophobia motion set for debate next week (Canada)
Iraqi archbishop backs Trump travel ban, hopes for aid to Christians
L'Oreal looks to sell The Body Shop
Russia completes largest missile delivery to Syria ever
Latest Update US appeals court maintains suspension of Donald Trump's travel ban
Donald Trump loses court battle to reinstate travel ban
Apple 'optimistic' about post-Brexit UK
Netanyahu says Israel is indestructible with Chuck Norris supporting it
Golf diplomacy: Japan's Abe hopes for strokes of genius to seal Trump trade pact
Brazil army takes over state's security as 100 killed amid police strike
Khalid Sheik Mohammed Told Obama In Letter That 9/11 Was America's Fault
Devices collecting health data may betray your secrets
Brexiteers condemned for not backing 350m NHS amendment to EU withdrawal bill - Voters can now see very well that pro-Leave Tories made that pledge cynically, without ever thinking about how it might be achieved
Security barrier to be built to protect Eiffel Tower
French voters still want scandal-hit Fillon to step down from presidential race: poll
Inside the far-right Q Society's explosive dinner, where Muslims are fair game
Russia confirms its planes accidentally killed three Turkish soldiers in Syria - RIA
Lockheed Wants to Make F-16 in India, But Trump Team May Take 'Fresh Look'
Romanian Justice Minister resigns over controversial corruption reforms
MP tables motion of no confidence in John Bercow over Trump comments
Russia calls NATO moves in Baltics, Poland and Germany a threat
Russian Hackers Get Burned in Deal With Russia's Spy Agency
Tillerson meets with Mexico's foreign minister, will visit Mexico City
Fire Breaks Out at Samsung's Battery Factory
Police: Palestinian wounds 6 Israelis in attack near market
John Bercow no-confidence motion filed by Tory MP after Donald Trump state visit comments
President Putin apologises after Russian air strike accidentally kills three Turkish soldiers in Syria - BBC News
US minor admits Brussels airport cyber attack: prosecutors
Norwegian Star cruise ship breaks down 32km from Melbourne
Belarus extradites Israeli blogger to Azerbaijan
Turkey detains four Islamic State suspects, seizes 24 suicide attack belts
'Become a suicide bomber' posters appear across London
Race to save 100 stranded whales on New Zealand beach
Ghana presidential fleet 'missing 200 cars' - BBC News
Italians Commission Statue of Trump For Park of Honor and Dishonor
German doctor re-ignites debate after banning abortions in clinic
Russian airstrike against IS kills three Turkish soldiers in Syria
US idea to collect travelers' passwords alarms privacy experts
China to take fingerprints of all foreign travellers entering country
Brexit bill: MPs reject amendment to protect EU citizens in UK
MP tables motion of no confidence in John Bercow over Trump comments | Politics
South African lawmakers brawl during protest of president
Far-right German politician convicted for refugee shelter arson.
Apple iCloud Hoards 'Deleted' Browser History Going Back More Than A Year
Duterte admits only 2 out of 5 of his statements are true
British think tank funded by Japan pushing anti-China propaganda into mainstream UK media
Turkish-Backed Opposition Advance Against Islamic State in Al-Bab
A 12th cave containing Dead Sea Scrolls discovered.
Scottish Parliament Votes Against Brexit
Shell launches bid to leave massive, sludgy oil rig remnants in North Sea for 500 years - 'Oil and gas companies operating in the North Sea have a legal, as well as moral, obligation to clean-up their mess,' says leading environmentalist
Storms ensure continuing 'heatwave' in the Arctic: 30C above normal temperatures
Syrian regime violates ceasefire ahead of Geneva peace talks
U.S. secretary of state Rex Tillerson reaffirms Six Assurances to Taiwan
Donald Trump visit: Speaker Bercow faces no-confidence bid
Riots grip Paris suburbs after teen allegedly sodomized by cop
Pro-Russian Guerilla Commander Mikhail 'Givi' Tolstykh Assassinated in Donetsk
Putins Most Potent Foe Is Barred From Presidential Race
Syria war: Russian air strike kills Turkey soldiers - BBC News
Captured by Indian Police, spy pigeon escapes, flies towards neighbouring country
Canada foreign minister will oppose U.S. border tariffs
1,000 Muslims feared killed in Myanmar army crackdown
Japan took in just 28 refugees in 2016, despite record applications
More than 700 stage anti-government protest in Nigerian capital
Dont tax us or well tax you: Canada issues pre-emptive warning on U.S. tariff talk
Blackburn activist becomes first British woman to join fight against Isis in Syria
Ottawa warns Trump team of retaliation if border tariffs imposed
China's first vertical forest in Nanjing to include 1,100 trees and 2,500 shrubs
Kremlin says east Ukraine unlikely to be part of deal with Trump
New Zealand to quash historical gay sex convictions
China vice premier says falsifying economic data will be punished: Any officials found responsible for bogus statistics would face demerits, denying them promotion, Zhang said.
Support for Scottish independence rises after PM May goes for 'clean break Brexit'
Romanian justice minister quits after graft decree debacle
Israel raises alarm over fears Irish will recognize Palestine
Yemen denies reports it banned U.S. ground operations after raid killed women and children
China to Start Fingerprinting Foreign Visitors
Images reveal three more Japanese WWII shipwrecks torn apart for scrap
Disabled child refugees entry to UK through resettlement scheme suspended by Home Office - Move condemned as marking new low in Governments handling of crisis
Ecuador presidential hopeful promises to evict Julian Assange from embassy
Call for speedy elimination of all forms of terrorist activity in Middle East
International Red Cross Suspends Activities in Afghanistan
Cleaner Robot Pulled From Fukushima Reactor Due to Radiation
Explosion at the Flamanville plant: no nuclear risk
Bitcoin is tanking after Chinese exchanges block withdrawals
'Informal' network helping refuge seekers get to Manitoba, U.S. officials say
Students recreate 5,000-year-old Chinese beer recipe
Taiwan, Japan should deepen exchanges: vice president
Residents can play soccer again in Mosul, without IS rules
British PM Theresa May says Trump immigration order was 'wrong'
Nigeria Rescues Oil Tanker From High-Seas Pirates
U.S. VP Pence heralds 'new day' in relations with Turkey: Turkish PM's office
Bank, energy stocks lift Wall St indexes to record highs
A Striking New View of the Pacific Blob: To better understand the strange mass of warm water that appeared from 2013 to 2016, scientists are mapping it from space.
Russia opposition leader Navalny says Kremlin sabotaging his presidential bid
Israel to reprimand Belgium over Breaking the Silence
Trump's list of 'under-reported terrorist attacks' includes one from Australia that didn't happen
Hebrew University Archaeologists Find 12th Dead Sea Scrolls Cave
Syria war: Russian air strike kills Turkey soldiers -
Residents Can Play Soccer Again in Mosul, Without IS Rules
President Putin apologises after Russian air strike accidentally kills three Turkish soldiers in Syria, Turkey says
Belgium will organize a conference in March to support NGO's that fight for women's rights, family planning and sexual health all over the world.
France Reports Explosion at Nuclear Power Plant
A new national report states that Indias extensive mass surveillance project, the Centralised Monitoring System, is now online and will be fully operational by the first quarter of 2017
Map showing existing or planned border fences and controls in Europe
Russian opposition leader Navalny found guilty in retrial, unable to run for presidency in 2018
Greece hopeful of imminent EU debt deal despite German warning | World news
Members of Rochdale child sex grooming gang facing deportation to Pakistan
Now, Pakistan claims India building a secret nuclear city
The Russian representative in UN Kurds should take part in Geneva talks
2 Arrested in Central Germany on Suspicion of Plotting Attack
NATO allies lock in U.S. support for stand-off with Russia
North Korea defector says Kim Jong Un unlikely to denuclearize
Tanzania to press Germany for damages for colonial era 'atrocities'
Excavations on the storied Judean cliffside revealed a new Dead Sea Scrolls cave, full of scroll storage jars and other antiquities, the first such discovery in over 60 years.
Islamic State-linked group claims rocket attack on Israeli resort
More than 100 reported killed in Brazil as police strike continues for sixth day
North Korea could own up to 45 nuclear arms by 2020 owing to an anticipated rise in its reserves of plutonium and enriched uranium.
Paris to put up glass wall to protect Eiffel Tower
World's largest refugee camp avoids shutdown
NATO summit with Trump on May 25, Belgium says
Berlin's Labor Court has ruled that the city violated a teacher's rights by denying her a job. The woman had been told that she could not wear her headscarf while working because of an ideological neutrality law
Almost 90% of new power in Europe from renewable sources in 2016
France's Macron seen beating Le Pen in presidential runoff: polls
Dog Egg stolen at knifepoint in Sydney
Venezuela may have given passports to people with ties to terrorism
France nuclear power: Explosion rocks Flamanville plant
Barrage of rockets fired at Israel's Red Sea resort town of Eilat
Explosion reported at Flamanville Nuclear Power Plant in France
Agencies abuse Czech visa system in Ukraine to fuel booming illegal business
Workers at the world's largest copper mine, BHP Billiton's Escondida in Chile, are vowing to launch a "long and hard" strike Thursday for pay increases, causing jitters on world markets. Escondida, a giant mine complex in the Atacama desert, produces about five percent of global copper output
Russian Airstrike in Syria Kills 3 Turkish Soldiers
Visitors to the U.S. may have to hand over social media passwords
Russian airstrikes accidentally kill three Turkish soldiers
Two of China's Biggest Exchanges Stop Bitcoin Withdrawals
Deadly disease outbreak cause links back to commercial breeding of piglets
Russian air strike kills Turkey soldiers
U.N. considering removing military peacekeepers from Haiti
More than 1,000 Rohingya feared killed in Myanmar crackdown, say UN officials
Quinoa genome could see 'super-food' prices tumble - BBC News
Israel apologizes for detaining Jewish American non-profit executive at airport
More than half of all new jobs created in the E.U. since 2010 have been as temp work.
ISIS claims responsibility for rocket attack in Israel
Putin sends condolences after airstrike kills 3 Turkish soldiers
Russian airstrike kills 3 Turkish soldiers in northern Syria
France's scandal-hit Fillon calls for inquiry to be dropped
Australia, China vow to deepen ties on trade
The head of Deutsche Bank Israel was arrested on suspicion of tax evasion amounting to tens of millions of shekels.
Only on AP: Norway to win most medals at Winter Olympics
Romania justice minister resigns over anti-corruption protests
UN: China takes steps to stop taking organs from prisoners
French nuclear power plant explosion: 'Several injured' after blast in Flamanville
US archbishop visits Vietnam to show countrys Catholics they are not forgotten | CatholicHerald.co.uk
Fraud investigations involving UK foreign aid have quadrupled over five years as more public money is given to fragile countries, a government spending watchdog has found.
Germany wants G20 to keep language on trade, currencies, climate: sources
U.S. strike kills top al-Qaeda leader in Syria
Islamic State claims Eilat rocket attack, threatens more
Donald Trump's state visit to UK will occur 'around June', London police chief says
Amnesty releases report on Muzaffarnagar gangrape survivors
El Chapo's sons wounded in cartel attack: Report
German authorities have arrested a suspected member of Afghanistan's Taliban who is accused of taking part in an attack in which an American soldier was killed.
Syria rebel fire kills three in Red Crescent centre: monitor
Mother of murdered backpacker condemns Trump for including Queensland attack on terror list
Turkish military: 3 Turkish soldiers accidently killed in Russian airstrike in northern Syria
Explosion reported at Flamanville Nuclear power plant in France
NATO allies lock in U.S. support for stand-off with Russia
Somalia elects first new president in decades
UK foreign minister no longer has U.S. citizenship
Impeached S. Korea Leader Cancels Questioning Over Scandal
Visitors to the U.S. may have to hand over social media passwords
Russian President Vladimir Putin and his Turkish counterpart Tayyip Erdogan agreed in a phone call on Thursday to step up military coordination against Islamic State in Syria, the Kremlin said in a statement
Explosion Hits Nuclear Power Station In Northwest France
Burn an American Flag? Some Iranians Saying No
First-born children are smarter than their siblings, reveals research
Hamas Brutally Assaults Shi'ite Worshippers in Gaza - Haaretz
'Intoxications' after blast at French nuclear power plant
New Dead Sea Scroll cave found near Qumran, but scrolls are gone
New Dead Sea Scrolls cave discovered
Disruptions at top two copper mines threaten global supply
British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson gives up US citizenship
Julian Assange will be evicted from Ecuadorian embassy, presidential hopeful says
Red Cross suspends Afghanistan operations after six aid workers killed
Glass wall to be erected to protect Eiffel Tower
A CNN investigation reveals that Venezuela for years may have issued passports to people with ties to terrorism.
Kenyan closure of Dadaab refugee camp blocked by high court
China's response to THAAD does not warrant South Korean action: minister
3 Turkish soldiers accidentally killed in Russian airstrike in Syria, Moscow confirms
Trump breaks ice with China's Xi in letter seeking 'constructive' ties
China to dominate global economy by 2050, US to fall behind India, Russia to top Europe  PwC
Afghan Red Cross pauses aid after 'despicable' attack
Germany's trade surplus sets new record - "Berlin... (is exploiting)... a "grossly undervalued" euro to its advantage" - "The record surplus will continue to fuel the conflict with the USA and within the EU"
Marine Le Pen: Either the EU changes or it will die
Meet Aisha, a former antelope hunter who now tracks Boko Haram
Yemen Withdraws Permissions for U.S. Ground Operations
4 Danish teens arrested after 'setting Afghan boy on fire'
UK Government backtracks on pledge to take Syrian child refugees - David Cameron promised 3,000 Syrian refugee children would be allowed to settle in the UK
Chinese hospital infects five with HIV by reusing equipment.
Boris Johnson, British Foreign Secretary, Drops Dual U.S. Citizenship
Japan's Abe to propose new cabinet level talks with United States: government official
A Russian court on Wednesday found opposition leader Alexei Navalny guilty in the retrial of a 2013 fraud case, which formally disqualifies him as a candidate for president next year.
Austria 'preparing to send troops to protect EU borders' against refugees
PLA 'does not want war', but is not afraid of one
Pope Francis issues thinly veiled rebuke of Donald Trump's Mexico border wall
Justin Trudeau canvasses world leaders before visit to Trump White House. The Canada prime minister has discussed Donald Trump with Britains Theresa May and Frances Franois Hollande as he prepares for a trip to Washington
Trump Wrote Xi a Letter and China Is Happy
Polish Official Highlights Security, Russian Aggression
The Latest: Hungary to Put Refugees in Border Container Camp
India Denies Pakistan Claim of Building Secret Nuclear City
Massive explosion rocks chemical plant in east China
Staff offered skin implant to sign into work | Euronews
German Exports Hit New High in 2016, Trade Surplus Widens
Its Not A Matter Of Law, But Of Counter-Measures
Explosion at Flamanville nuclear plant in northern France | Environment
China warns US to brush up on its history over disputed South China Sea
Wife of hospitalized Putin critic: My husband was poisoned
French President visits 'police rape victim' | Euronews
Shanty town fire in Philippines leaves 15,000 homeless
Burmese government 'killed more than 1,000 Rohingya Muslims' in crackdown
Powerful Atlantic Storm To Send Arctic Temperatures 50 Degrees Above Average (Again)
Inquiry over Met police intelligence unit claimed to have destroyed files
Hebrew University archaeologists find 12th Dead Sea Scrolls cave
Russia's leading opposition leader, Alexei Navalny, has been found guilty of embezzlement
Dakota Access Pipeline: ETP firm to resume work immediately
Chinese diplomat confirmes Putin expected to take part in Silk Road Forum
Moscow mediates talks between Assad &amp; Syrian Kurds  Russian FM
India has shut the gate on the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation on a critical national health mission, and possible conflict of interest issues arising from the foundations ties with pharmaceutical companies is one of the reasons.
Indian textbook asks students to kill a kitten for an experiment
South China Sea: 'There cannot be' conflict between US and China, Foreign Minister warns
Radiation at Japan's Fukushima Reactor Is Now at 'Unimaginable' Levels
Most Europeans want immigration ban from Muslim-majority countries, poll reveals
Carlos Slim to launch a made in Mexico electric vehicle
Red Cross suspends Afghanistan operations after six aid workers killed
Ukraine conflict: Rebel leader Givi dies in rocket attack
Trump's travel ban finds fans in Europe
Chaos rules as the military police of the Brazilian state of Esprito Santo strikes; at least 70 dead since Sunday
People smuggler 'wanted to help' Filipinos - By the time Iluminada Panabe was convicted of human smuggling, police estimated 800 Filipinos had gained illegal entry to Europe.
Great Barrier Reef : Coal spillage in heritage protected area so widespread it is washing onto local beaches.
Kenyan court quashes government order to close refugee camp | World news
US official: Iran fires defensive missile
Iron Dome successfully intercepts 3 rockets from Israel, 1 falls in open area
Trump breaks ice with China in letter to Xi Jinping, his first direct approach to the Chinese leader
Turkish-backed Syrian opposition fighters resumed a major offensive inside the Islamic State-held city of al-Bab on Thursday, a day after they broke through IS defenses in its remaining stronghold in Aleppo province
UK Jeremy Corbyn accuses BBC of reporting 'fake news' when challenged on resignation rumours - 'Im really surprised the BBC is reporting fake news. There is no news,' says Labour leader
Italy to ramp up migrant deportations: minister
Australian Immigration Minister seeks 'Trump-like' powers to target visa-holders from certain nations
Aretha Franklin announces retirement
Philippines Recognizes Bitcoin as Payment System
Putin critic ill after suspected poisoning
Trump Calls World Leaders... But China's Xi Gets a Letter
Women IDF supporters to visit Israel
Australia says minor tweaking can salvage TPP without the US
US visitors may have to reveal social media passwords to enter country
The UN appealed for $2.1 billion to provide desperately needed aid to millions of people in war-ravaged Yemen this year, warning the country could soon face famine.
New Zealand Men Convicted of Gay Sex to Have Records Wiped
Burn an American Flag? Some Iranians Are Saying No
Venezuela may have given passports to people with ties to terrorism
Dadaab: Kenyan court blocks closure of world's largest refugee camp
Merkel Hopes to Step up Germany's Migrant Deportations
India has built 'secret nuclear city', claims Pakistan
Schools close, hospitals swell as influenza spikes | The Japan Times
Tory MPs just blocked a bid to reveal if Brexit will give the NHS 350m pounds a week
Countdown: Bitcoin Will Be a Legal Method of Payment in Japan in Two Months
China's Government may ban under-18s from playing video games late at night
Images reveal three more Japanese WWII shipwrecks torn apart for scrap.
Yemeni rockets kill scores of Saudi-backed militias in Mokha
Russia blocks porn site Brazzers over claims it is damaging to the 'human psyche'
Highly-trained Hamas commandos head to Egypt to team-up with terror group ISIS
Toronto man, missing for 5 years, found wandering on Brazilian highway
Dramatic explosion at Chinese chemical plant causes injuries
Brexit bill clears House of Commons, Labour MP steps down
The blogger jailed for visiting a country that 'doesn't exist'
Guatemala arrests Supreme Court judge in corruption probe
In French bellwether city, scandal deepens election uncertainty
House of Commons approves Brexit bill
Vladimir Putin signs controversial law partially decriminalising domestic abuse in Russia
Iran fires another missile from launch pad, US official says
Donald Trump keeps China on hold with letter but no phone call for Xi Jinping | US news
Venezuela may have given passports to people with ties to terrorism - CNN.com
Dismissed Turkish professor says ongoing crackdown 'a political purge'
U.S. officials stopped screening refugees for potential resettlement in the United States this week but will return to the Pacific atoll of Nauru to continue working toward a deal that President Donald Trump has condemned as "dumb," an Australian minister said Thursday
Jordanian activists released after spy agency crackdown
US Visitors May Have To Hand Over Social Media Passwords
Activists Plan Emergency Actions Across the Country to Protest Approval of Dakota Access Pipeline
Yemen conflict: UN launches $2.1bn aid appeal amid famine threat - BBC News
At least 20 people have been killed in a suicide bombing at the Afghan Supreme Court in Kabul, officials say. Another 45 people were injured. The number of casualties is expected to rise.
On Tuesday, China blocked a proposal by the United States to designate Jaish-e-Muhammad (JeM) chief Masood Azhar a global terrorist. The US move at the United Nations Security Council was backed by the United Kingdom and France in an apparent show of support for India
Challenging times ahead for Singapore's water security
Fukushima's radiation reaches 'unimaginable' levels
Isis claims it attacked Israeli port of Eilat with rockets launched from Egypt
At least 19m paid to informants by police forces over five years
Pope Francis Denounces Evil of Widespread Anti-Semitism
Organs from prisoners probably still harvested in China, says official
Pope Francis reveals how he shrugs off stress: 'I'm not on tranquilisers'
Out of pocket, Italians fall out of love with the euro
Breakfast cereals targeted at children contain 'steadily high' sugar levels since 1992 despite producer claims - The sugar content in some cereals is as high as 35 per cent of the total product - unchanged from levels seen over 20 years ago
Syrian President: Trumps pledge to fight terror promising
Toronto man with mental health problems, missing for 5 years, found wandering in Brazil
Plague of Locusts Leads Bolivia to Issue State of Emergency
Pope says 'at peace' confronting Vatican corruption, sex abuse
US says it killed bin Laden-era al Qaeda leader in Syria
Russian Court Blocks Putin Critic Aleksei Navalny From Presidential Run
Brazil court says Rio governor should step down over campaign financing
Uk MPs have approved the bill giving Theresa May permission to trigger Brexit. The European Union (Notification of Withdrawal) Bill passed by 494 votes to 122 - a majority of 372.
Israeli Military Shoots Down Rockets Fired From Egypt
ISIS claims responsibility for Eilat rockets
University research into IS women was carried out by IS sympathiser
North Korea is flouting sanctions, the UN Panel of Experts reports
Goldman Sachs hedge fund folding London operations, shifting staff to U.S.
Indonesia Military Accepts Australian Apology for Insult
Chinese foreign minister: In a fight between China and the US 'both sides will lose and both sides cannot afford that'
U.S. commander: Mosul, Raqqa should be retaken from Islamic State in 6 months
More than 1,000 feared killed in Myanmar army crackdown on Rohingya
Boris Johnson, British Foreign Secretary, Drops Dual U.S. Citizenship
A wind turbine on every street light.
Germany Wary of Russian Propaganda Campaign, Lacks Proof
US queries PayPal in money laundering probe - France 24
IDF retaliates after Syrian mortar lands in Golan Heights
Australia Catholic Church faces six decades of child-abuse allegations
Aleksei Navalny, Viable Putin Rival, Is Barred From a Presidential Run
Scientists find cure for Ebola: Horse antibodies.
Kosovo Intelligence Chief's Indictment Suddenly Withdrawn
Russia opposition leader Navalny says Kremlin sabotaging his presidential bid
Flies are spreading antibiotic resistance from farms to people
NZ Government to quash historic gay sex convictions
Trump breaks ice with China's Xi in letter seeking 'constructive' ties
Anonymous take down huge chuck of the Darkweb
German Chancellor Merkel 'working to hold the EU together' - German Chancellor Angela Merkel has changed course and is now advocating a Europe of "two speeds." Her goal is to save the European project. Many do not agree with her means to the end.
Duterte echoes Trump: Media is 'dishonest'
Turkey sacks 4500 more government employees in latest purge, includes 330 academic personnel.
Explosion on Paris metro as smoke fills station
Jerusalem gallery shuttered after government demands cancellation of anti-occupation group event
Erdogan, Trump agree to act jointly against Islamic State in Syria: Turkish sources
Yemenis dying either from Saudi bombing or hunger: Local
New Zealand government to quash historic gay sex convictions
China makes progress on construction of second aircraft carrier
Canadian woman turned away from US border after questions about religion, Trump
Massive ancient undersea landslide discovered off Great Barrier Reef
A New Google Doodle Commemorates Samba Star Carmen Miranda
Flooding, mudslides, some school closures expected in North Bay
Plague of locusts leads Bolivia to issue state of emergency
Bahrain Arrests Fugitives It Says Were Attempting to Flee
12th Dead Sea Scrolls cave discovered in Israel
Six Red Cross members killed in Afghanistan leading to ICRC suspending its aid activities in Afghanistan
Trump's sanctions won't stop Iranian oil
New-to-Japan F-35B Lightning II stealth fighters make first flights around Okinawa
A record 128.1 billion cyberattacks against networks in Japan were detected in 2016, more than double the previous year, according to a recent survey by a public research institute.
Police strike plunges Brazil state into lawlessness -- The state of Espirito Santo has seen dozens of murders and hundreds of robberies in just a few days.
Brexit Bill Passed by Lower House of Parliament, Heads to Lords
UK to end 'Dubs' scheme to resettle refugee children
AP Top News Former prime minister wins Somalia's presidential vote
Equatorial Guinea government moves to new city in rainforest
Authorities in the Brazilian state of Esprito Santo have requested more federal troops to stem a crime wave, amid an ongoing police strike that in five days has led to more than 80 reported deaths.
UK's House of Commons Passes Bill Authorizing Brexit
Govt introduces new Google tax laws
'Several Injured' After 'Explosion' At French Nuclear Plant
Terror Watchdog Warns of Growing Radicalism In Belgian Mosques
Scottish government set to demand legal right to new independence referendum: newspaper
Trump breaks ice with China's Xi in letter
A Brazilian electoral court has ruled that the governor of Rio de Janeiro state and his deputy should step down for awarding contracts in exchange for campaign donations
We thank Trump for exposing the reality of the U.S.: Ayatollah Khamenei
Hydrogen Mobility Europe (H2ME) deploys its first 100 zero-emission vehicles across Europe
Man files $45 million lawsuit against Uber for revealing his infidelity
Beijing to hold events marking KMT Taiwan February 28 massacre, but some see ulterior motive
Russia Blocks Porn Site Brazzers for 'Damaging Human Psyche'
U.N. needs $2.1 billion to avert famine in Yemen
Russia detains nine hackers over USD 17 million bank thefts
Warning of famine, UN asks for $2.1 billion in aid for war-ravaged Yemen
Russia opposition leader Navalny says Kremlin sabotaging his presidential bid
Kremlin critic gets five-year suspended sentence in retrial, which bars him from running for president in next election.
Part of Paris metro disrupted by electrical fault, smoke -police
U.S. debt, gold, gain favor as investors seek safety
UK Government accused of kicking UN concerns about austerity into the long grass - In a letter to the Equality and Human Rights Commission, Justice Minister Oliver Weald rejects UN concerns that welfare reform is worsening inequality in the UK
Death toll now 75 in Espirito Santo, Brazil as lawlessness chaos ensues
Dutch far-right politician Geert Wilders tweets photoshopped, fake picture of his political rival surrounded by radical Islamists holding up signs such as "Shariah for the Netherlands"
MPs reject Brexit bill amendment to protect EU citizens in UK
Pope issues stinging criticism of Myanmar's treatment of Rohingya
Turkey sacks 4,400 more civil servants, including teachers and police
Italian Populist Salvini Seeks Alliance With Trump Administration
Hamas says two killed in 'Israeli attack' on underground tunnel
Dutch Pirate Party: The Powers That Be Aren't Too Welcoming of Bitcoin
Britain's House of Commons Approves Brexit Talks
Trump presidency heralds new era of closer ties with Egypt
Human rights groups file suit against Israel settlement law
Injuries reported after 'explosion' and fire on Paris metro
India to take part in Russia-organised Afghan meet mid-February in Moscow
Donald Trump: I dont know Putin, have no deals in Russia, and the haters are going crazy
MPs back Brexit bill - BBC News
Brazil's Jailed Ex-Speaker Submits Evidence of Aneurism
Russia deploys air defense missiles for massive drills
Pakistan police accept 12-year-old Christian girl was murdered
Dozens of passengers evacuated from station in Paris
Indonesia accepts Australian apology and promise of punishment over offensive material
Labour bid to protect EU citizens' rights after Brexit rejected by MPs - EU CITIZENS living in the UK have been left in limbo after MPs voted against a bid to guarantee their rights to stay post-Brexit.
China halts construction at major Lotte project amid THAAD tension
More refugees entered Uganda last year than crossed the Mediterranean
Philippines seeks US, China help to combat sea pirates
Russian Police Arrest 9 Hacking Suspects
Yemen Backtracks on Suspending U.S. Raids After Civilian Casualties
Yemen Backtracks on Suspending U.S. Raids After Civilian Casualties
Boris Johnson, British Foreign Secretary, Drops Dual U.S. Citizenship
British Ministers refused to stop bomb sales to Saudi Arabia despite being told to do so by own export control chief
Western Australian dolphins using blowfish to get high
EU wants to agree formula for Britain's exit bill, not final amount
Alexei Navalny: Russian opposition leader found guilty - BBC News
Statue wars reveal contested history of Japan's 'comfort women'
Archaeologists Find New Dead Sea Cave
Extreme Chilean Wildfires Worst in Decades
Israeli groups sue to stop settlement legalization law
China says Indian bid to ban terrorist Masood Azhar lacks consensus
Justin Trudeaus Bahamas vacation: 2nd request for ethics investigation sent to watchdog - National
Rolf Harris found not guilty of three sex offences, jury fails to deliver verdict on remaining four
Faulty Batteries Cause Fire at Samsung Battery Plant (Feb. 8th, 2017)
Qatar Spending $500 Million a Week on World Cup | VICE Sports
Pokemon Go invades South Korea, and US forces are ready for it
China central bank warns bitcoin exchanges on money laundering
A new terror assessment report from the Danish Security and Intelligence Service (PET) warns that fake news and misinformation online could spur mentally unstable individuals to carry out violent attacks.
More paint brushes suspected to have pig bristles seized
Monetary Policy Committee Meeting: Rates unchanged; stance shifts from accommodative to neutral
Buddhist monk arrested in Myanmar with more than four million methamphetamine pills
British lawmakers give May green light to launch Brexit negotiations
German intelligence 'finds no evidence of Putin disinformation campaign' | Germany's secret services have found little evidence that the Kremlin is directly trying to manipulate the country's public opinion. But the leaked government report suggests that indirect methods may be at work
Ancient undersea landslide discovered in Australia
Syria claims Israel bombed residential building in Quneitra
Non-halal tags added to avoid brush with the law - Nation | The Star Online
Yemen Denies 'Fake News' That It Withdrew Permission For US Ground Operations
Stop Israelis from these crimes: Palestine demands international action over settlements law
TASS: Russian Politics &amp; Diplomacy - THAAD in South Korea poses direct threat to Russian security, ambassador says
In First Call with Erdogan, Trump Stresses Close Relationship with Turkey
Fighting in Karabakh: Azerbaijani army prevents Armenian diversion
Hungarian mayor seeks to ban Muslims and gay people from his village
Japan ranks as 2nd-biggest country for U.S. trade deficit - Japan was the second-largest contributor to the United States goods trade deficit in 2016 following China, rising from the previous years third place and overtaking Germany, U.S. trade data showed Tuesday.
Abdullahi Mohammed Farmaajo declared Somalia president
Israeli Allies Criticize Legalization of Thousands of West Bank Settlements. "I do believe that our right over our fatherland is something that cannot be denied." says Israeli Cabinet Minister
Somalis celebrate 'new dawn' after presidential election win
Google and Facebook partner for anti-fake news drive during French election
Violence spreads in Paris suburbs after police rape accusation
UK house raided in German Fateh al-Sham jihadists investigation
Suspect in Louvre attack says he did not get orders from Islamic state
Syrian jets carry out deadly strikes on rebel-held Homs district
El Salvador arrests TV-radio host, 27 others in drugs case
Europe urged to offer migrants work to cut Mediterranean deaths.
Romanian government survives no-confidence motion over graft debacle
North Korea defector in Russia about to be deported, facing death or forced labour sentence
Vladimir Putin orders Russian air force to prepare for 'time of war'
Yemen Withdraws Permission for U.S. Antiterror Ground Missions
UKs House of Commons passes bill authorizing Brexit
Suicide Bomber says Boko Haram paid her less than $1 to detonate bomb
Canada records highest population growth rate in G7
Robots 'could replace 250,000 UK public sector workers' - Reform thinktank says sector could be the next Uber and staff should embrace the gig economy amid rise in automation.
Jeremy Corbyn says Speaker John Bercow is 'absolutely right' to ban Donald Trump from Parliament
First Vertical Forest In Asia To Have Over 3,000 Plants And Turns CO2 Into 132 Pounds Of Oxygen Per Day
Taiwan Hits Record Tourist Numbers Despite Plunge in Chinese
Husband saves suicidal wife from jumping off building by grabbing her ponytail at the last second
Pope Francis: Christians must be living signs of hope
French presidency to hold top-level meeting on Russian hacking: report
SA troops 'to keep order' in parliament
Poll shows support for Scottish independence rising: Herald Scotland
Fukushima nuclear reactor radiation at highest level since 2011 meltdown
Don't build walls, Pope Francis says
Separatist Commander 'Givi' Killed In Eastern Ukraine
Skeletons of London's past exposed in rail line dig - Artefacts revealing 8,000 years of human history in London are going on show on Friday after being unearthed during the city's giant underground railway project.
Alexei Navalny: Russian Court Convicts Main Opposition Leader
Islamic State suspected of killing six Afghan Red Cross workers: officials
The Latest: EU Nations Took 12,000 Refugees From 160K Plan
Yemen Will Ban U.S. Ground Missions After Last Week's Deadly Raid, Report Says
Refugees crossing into Canada from US on foot despite freezing temperatures
Aleksei Navalny, a Putin Critic, Is Barred From a Presidential Run
Syria conflict: Thousands hanged at Saydnaya prison, Amnesty says - As many as 13,000 people, most of them civilian opposition supporters, have been executed in secret at a prison in Syria, Amnesty International says.
Brazil troops patrol city of Vitoria hit by police strike - BBC News
China may still be using executed prisoners' organs, official admits
No case for relaxation of Russia sanctions, Boris Johnson to tell EU
Child migrants: UK to end 'Dubs amendment' commitment
Six Red Cross workers in Afghanistan are shot dead in ambush
More than 1,000 Rohingya Muslims may have been killed in a Myanmar army crackdown, according to two senior United Nations officials dealing with refugees fleeing the violence, suggesting the death toll has been a far greater than previously reported.
Brexit vote: Theresa May wins Commons approval to trigger Article 50 as Labour's Clive Lewis resigns
Mogadishu on lockdown as Somali MPs elect president
Astronauts Brains Change Shape After Space Missions
Call for accurate statistics in China
U.K. aid package would redirect refugees to Asia, Latin America
A Crack in an Antarctic Ice Shelf Grew 17 Miles in the Last Two Months
Women in Argentina go topless in protest over right to sunbathe semi-nude
Strange anomaly in the Earths magnetic field could signal a pole reversal
Chaos Swells Amid Police Strike in Brazil State
Reports Reveal Beijing To Cut Coal Use By 30% In 2017
Russian opposition leader Alexei Navalny ruled guilty, barring him from 2018 race
ICRC: Six Red Cross aid workers killed in Afghanistan
Thousands of Chile's poorest displaced in wildfires
Japanese mission to clear up space junk ends in failure - Japans space agency, JAXA, has confirmed the failure of a mission intended to test technology for clearing up debris in space. The Kounotori 6 cargo transporter returned to Earth and burned up in the atmosphere.
By banning Taiwans flag, Cambodia adds to Taipeis woes with Beijing - Cross-strait ties are expected to take another hit after Cambodia banned the raising of the Taiwanese national flag in the Southeast Asian nation.
The Navy SEAL raid in Yemen last week had a secret objective  the head of al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula, who survived and is now taunting President Donald Trump in an audio message.
The United States has stripped Oleh Liashko, leader of the Radical Party fraction in the Ukrainian Parlament, of his American visa
China says United States should 'brush up on' South China Sea history
Police on strike in Esprito Santo, Brazil. With no police, cities have turned into wild west style chaos with dozens of murders and widespread looting.
US tones down bellicose talk on South China Sea
Netanyahu orders reprimand of Belgian ambassador
BBC News: Alexei Navalny: Russian opposition leader 'found guilty'
China, India to Overtake U.S. Economy by 2050
Whistleblower Accuses Venezuela of Issuing Passports to Terrorists
Tesla to launch in India this summer, tweets CEO Elon Musk
Grand Island, NY, resident is elected President of Somalia
European Parliaments lead Brexit negotiator warns European Union could 'disappear' - Guy Verhofstadt says that now is 'an existential moment for the European Union'
Trump may add Iran's Revolutionary Guard to terror list
Mongolia's capital is blanketed in toxic smog
Alexei Navalny: Russian opposition leader found guilty
Somali-U.S. citizen Mohamed Abdullahi Farmajo wins milestone election despite violence, corruption and bribery
Ukrainian parlament calls on foreign parliaments to condemn Russia's deliberate destruction of Avdiivka
Donald Trump's stance on nuclear weapons remains unclear, but as two Nobel Prize-winning nuclear experts argue, he's potentially the best world leader to abolish them - Quartz
'The aim is to weaken the West': The inside story of how Russian propagandists are waging war on Europe
Israel edges out South Korea for top spot in research investment. Two countries vie to invest more of their economy into research than anyone else.
Turkey dismisses 4,400 public servants in latest post-coup attempt purge
The death of more than 2,000 critically endangered Saiga antelope in Mongolia was caused by a disease that could now threaten the entire population
Myanmar's security forces have committed mass killings and gang rapes of Rohingya Muslims
Elite Hamas fighters defecting to Islamic State
Rolf Harris trial: Ex-TV star cleared of sex assault charges - BBC News
Airstrikes on rebel-held Syrian district kill 9 civilians
Anti-corruption bus tours hit the streets in Mexico
Baby born from 16-year-old frozen embryo
Colombia and ELN in talks to end 52 years of war
Pakistani military leaders support terrorist groups that attack India, while routing those that attack Pakistan, says a report by Hussain Haqqani
Six Afghan Red Cross Workers Killed by Suspected ISIL Militants
Canada raises alert on fraudulent Chinese visas
Lebanon: High-profile Daesh commander killed in clashes near Syrian border
A married teenage couple have been charged with planning to carry out a terror attack in Sydney. Sameh Bayda and Alo-Bridget Namoa, both 19, are accused of "conspiracy to do an act, or acts in preparation for, or planning, a terrorist act or acts".
Rolf Harris could be free in just months as he's cleared of three sex charges
Aleksei Navalny, a Putin Critic, Is Barred From a Presidential Run
European Union has supported ISIS 'from the very beginning', claims Syrian president Bashar al-Assad
Germany's intelligence agencies find no evidence of Russian interference
White House weighs designating Iran's Revolutionary Guard a terrorist group
Call to block Trump from addressing British Parliament stirs controversy
Australian Prime Minister calls opposition leader 'sycophant', 'parasite' during heated Question Time exchange
Several injured after train incident at train station in East London
Chinas Nuclear Power Capacity Set to Overtake U.S. Within Decade
Marine Le Pen: French Jews should sacrifice yarmulke in struggle against radical Islam
Russia Warns Other States Against Interfering in South China Sea Dispute
Qatar spending $500m a week on World Cup infrastructure projects
Chinese Submarines Are Indian Navy's New Focus In Massive Exercise Off Goa
Turkish Officials: CIA Director Mike Pompeo to Visit Turkey on Thursday to Discuss Security Issues
Pope Francis defends right of Burmas Rohingya Muslims to live their faith
'Conditions' not yet met: China blocks US move to ban Masood Azhar
The Netherlands Keeps Closing Prisons Because It Doesn't Have Enough Prisoners
As Trump Weighs Thaw With Putin, EU Set to Renew Its Blacklist
'Bored' RAF pilot sent 187 passengers into a nosedive
PLO calls for halt of security cooperation with Israel
Pakistan military supports terror groups against India: Report
Putin foe found guilty in retrial, threatening 2018 presidential run
US and Turkey to 'work together' to fight Isis in Syria - Two leaders discuss future strategies in the complex Syrian civil war, including safe zones for civilians, in late night phone call
Turkey Sacks 4,400 More Civil Servants
Marine Le Pen backs Vladimir Putin and denies invasion of Crimea
Public Putin critic found guilty of a serious crime, barring him from running in 2018
Body cameras on trial in English schools
UN: 120,000 Nigerians Likely Face Boko Haram-Created Famine
Duterte calls ex-Colombian president idiot for comment on drug war
Syrian rebels and Turkish forces close in on 'IS' town of al-Bab - Syrian rebels and Turkish forces have taken control of hills around the "IS"-controlled town of al-Bab in Syria. Presidents Trump and Erdogan meanwhile spoke by phone, a possible sign of improving US-Turkey relations
German intelligence finds no evidence of Russian meddling
Yemen requests no US ground missions without approval after raid
"This is the future of repression. If we do not fight it there, it will happen here." Edward Snowden on Cameroon blackout.
Denmark leads European push for womens rights to counter Trumps global gag rule
The blogger jailed for visiting a country that 'doesn't exist'
Scientists Measure Highest Radiation Levels Yet Inside Fukushima's Damaged Reactors - The latest measurements are over seven times the previously measured highenough to fry a robot in two hours.
Dozens of topless women, joined by hundreds of fully clothed protesters, have demonstrated in Buenos Aires to demand the right to sunbathe semi-nude after police asked bare-breasted women to leave a nearby beach.
Merkel to present program to speed up deportation of failed asylum seekers  reports
A Russian Court Has Found Opposition Leader Alexei Navalny Guilty in the Retrial of a 2013 Fraud Case
China prepares for conflict with USA
Nearly two-dozen refugees walk over Canadian border from U.S.
South Korea's president is expected to face prosecutors in coming days
'It was a big media event': tube attack victim on being on Trump's 'terror' list | US news
Kremlin is ready to wait 6 years for an apology from Fox News journalist Bill O'Reilly for calling Putin a 'killer'
David Cameron's mother has won an award for campaigning against cuts his government brought in - Mary Cameron signed a petition opposed to the closure of a local children's centre
The death of more than 2,000 critically endangered Saiga antelope in Mongolia was caused by a disease that could now threaten the entire population. Wildlife Conservation Society (WCS) scientists, who work in the affected grassland area of Western Mongolia, say the disease originated in livestock.
Donald Trump and Vladimir Putin 'trying to redraw the map of Europe', former French PM warns
US move for a UN ban on Jaish-e-Mohammed chief Masood Azhar blocked again by China : World, News
European university professor sentenced to death in Iran for espionage
Rolf Harris trial: Singer cleared of three charges
Chinese family of 500 takes rare photo at reunion - BBC News
New Hamas music video threatens to rain down rockets on Israel
Socialite Tara Palmer-Tomkinson found dead
Hamas promises Israelis swift demise  in rhyme
President Bashar al-Assad says possible Russia and United States cooperation positive for Syria
Suicide bomber kills at least 20 at Afghan Supreme Court in Kabul
Isis-linked hackers attack NHS (National Health Service) websites to show gruesome images from Syrian civil war - The hacks 'appear to be deliberately targeted at the British public institution
South Sudan president says soldiers who rape should be shot
Four of Iceland's main volcanoes all preparing for eruption
Scotland rejects triggering Brexit in non-binding vote
Tiny Frog Last Seen In 1962 Found In The Mountains Of Zimbabwe
Ministry of Finance predicts Russias debt to increase to 15.7 percent of GDP
Romanian government survives no-confidence motion over graft debacle
Canadian military to become first in world to issue guidelines on child soldiers
EU, US Experts Oversee Vetting of Albania's Judiciary
French election race marred by gay affair rumours
Saudi Arabia deports 39,000 Pakistanis in 4 months: report
The Philippine Government has declared an all-out war against New People's Army (Communist Party of the Philippines)
Israel offered prisoner exchange to Hamas through intermediaries
Schiphol Amsterdam first to use facial recognition instead of passport
Justin Trudeaus Family Vacation on Aga Khans Island Leads to Ethics Inquiry
Biggest UK abortion provider to turn away Irish women
Saudi man arrested before setting himself alight in Mecca
Donald Trump should not be allowed to speak in Westminster Hall, says Speaker
Holocaust survivor Chaim Ferster, who faced eight Nazi death camps, dies
Australia has the highest paid Postmaster General (Post office CEO) - AU$5.6M
Assad says family do not own Syria, ready to be voted out
Female genital mutilation falls sharply in Iraq's Kurdish region. "We're quite certain that we can eradicate FGM in one generation if efforts continue".
Social care fund 'fails to reduce pressure on hospital beds'
Manila fire destroys homes of 15,000 shantytown residents
Romanian government survives no-confidence motion over graft debacle
Britons oppose UK arms sales to Saudi Arabia
Political scandal overshadows South Korea 2018 Olympic prep
China opposes deployment of U.S. stealth ship in South Korea
Senator Manny "Pacman" Pacquiao: "Drug traffickers deserve death penalty"
Mexicans back president's Trump snub despite mounting disapproval
Canada raises alert on fraudulent Chinese visas
Understanding Frexit: Investors are Worried about French Exit from EU
Longest Flight Links Qatar-Auckland in Latest Endurance Test
ISIS Claims Kabul Suicide Attack That Killed At Least 20
Joyous Africans Take to the Rails, With China's Help
Brain surgeon sues airline after jamming finger in table tray
Lukashenko: Russia frightened that Belarus will go towards West
Russian Library Cancels Harry Potter Quiz Over Concerns About Dangerous Potions
President Rodrigo Duterte to send rogue cops to violence-plagued south Philippines
Brexit bill set for final vote in House of Commons
Saudi Arabia plans to raise military spending by 6.7% in 2017
Sydney University under fire for vet scholarship giving preference to males
German police evacuate school near Leipzig, search for explosives
Saudi Arabia steps up crackdown on human rights activists, watchdog claims
Wife of Russian opposition activist says hes been poisoned
India ISROs to launch 104 satellites next week, 88 will be from U.S. Only three of them are Indian satellites.
U. S. Army grants easement for Dakota Access Pipeline: court filing
Bipartisan US Lawmakers Urge Trump to Sanction Venezuela
Commission: Russian propaganda focused on denigrating Merkel
Greenland Ice Sheet Melting 600 Percent Faster Than Predicted by Current Models
Australia Post boss paid 10 times more than PM
ISIS in Mosul: Daesh religious police Al-Khansa 'biting women to death with metal jaws'
Russia to deliver 10 Su-35 fighter jets to China this year
Macedonia 'Should be Divided between Kosovo, Bulgaria' - US Official
And just like that, China becomes the world's largest solar power producer - "(China) will be pouring some $364 billion into renewable power generation by the end of the decade."
After expos of flaws in assault investigations, police forces across Canada begin to audit recent cases
Chinese judge labels Trump 'public enemy of the rule of law'
Station chaos Several injured in train incident at east London station.
Reports Reveal Beijing To Cut Coal Use By 30% In 2017
EU foreign policy chief: Israel's land-grab law entrenches one-state reality of unequal rights
7% of Catholic Priests in Australia Accused of Sexually Abusing Children
Pakistan wants India's entire nuclear programme under IAEA safeguards
Bishops cannot ask about clergy's sex life
US appeals court upholds suspension of Trump travel ban
Far-right German politician convicted for refugee shelter arson - BBC News
The Trump Organization is returning to a long-dormant licensing deal involving a beachfront luxury resort in the Dominican Republic, testing the limits of Donald Trump's pledge to halt new international Trump-branded projects during his presidency.
Russian air strike kills Turkey soldiers - President Putin apologises after Russian air strike accidentally kills three Turkish soldiers in Syria, Turkey says
Wikipedia bans the Daily Mail as a source for being 'unreliable'
Canadian man battling schizophrenia missing since 2012 believed to have walked from Ontario to Brazil. Found wandering the rainforest 5 years after he disappeared.
China sends Trump 'high praise' after letter to Xi seeking 'constructive' relationship
Radiation levels discovered at crippled Fukushima plant too high for robot
Russia's Putin has not been invited to G7 summit - Italy
Brexit four times worse for UK economy than previously thought, say MIT economists
Trump promises Chinese president he'll honor 'One China' policy - President Trump told Chinese President Xi Jinping Thursday night that he will honor the One China policy that recognizes Beijing as the only legitimate Chinese government.
Eight countries sign up to counter Trump's global anti-abortion move
Julian Assange will be evicted from Ecuadorian embassy, presidential hopeful says
Over 300 whales die in mass stranding in New Zealand.
China to take fingerprints of all foreign travellers entering country.
Syrias Assad tells Yahoo News some refugees are 'definitely' terrorists
Russia calls Romania a 'clear threat' and Nato outpost for hosting US missile shield
In his first call as president with Russian leader Vladimir Putin, Donald Trump denounced a treaty that caps U.S. and Russian deployment of nuclear warheads as a bad deal for the United States, according to two U.S. officials and one former U.S. official with knowledge of the call
More than 100 people have been reported killed, with schools, businesses closed and public transportation at a standstill, as a six-day strike by police in the Brazilian state shows no signs of abating.
Human Slaughterhouse: Amnesty International Says Up to 13,000 Hanged at Syrian Prison. Prisoners routinely beaten and forced to rape one another.
This is not a Christian gesture: Pope Francis denounces walls while praising immigrants
Major evacuations in train stations across Sweden after multiple bomb threats
Peru's government proposes to legalise medical marijuana
Explosion at Flamanville nuclear power plant, local media report
US President Trump says he will respect one China policy in a phone call with China's president Xi Jinping
Shocking footage of dolphins being packaged into crates was taken in Indonesia by campaign group Jakarta Animal Aid Network (JAAN)
Suspected terror attack in Israel: At least 4 hurt in Petah Tikva shooting, stabbing - Israel News
All of Iceland's major volcanoes showing unusually high levels of activity.
The big melt: Global sea ice at record low | 100,000 square miles less than the previous January record low set just last year.
Russia calls Romania 'a clear threat' and NATO outpost: Ifax
A Canadian man who has been missing for five years has been found more than 10,460km away in the Amazon jungle.
Turkey fires 4,464 teachers, police in crackdown
UK Government accused of trying to kill off UK solar industry before it can become cheapest form of electricity - Official figures project solar will be less expensive than gas in the next few years, but a massive new tax hike could put that at risk
Argentina's president Mauricio Macri uses state funds to pay his family's $4.4B debt
Greens move to bar 'racist, xenophobic' Trump from visiting Australia
'Security alert in Brussels' after massive blackout plunges entire centre of EU capital into darkness
Over 100 dead in Brazil as police strike spurs anarchy
US President Donald Trump's wall won't deter migrants, says Mexican official
Iran launches new missile just days after being hit by US sanctions over previous ballistic launch
Japan to accept only 300 refugees over 5 years
Le Pen: French Jews will have to give up Israeli citizenship
Massive ice shelf break forces Antarctic researchers to evacuate
Cities in Brazil suffering from "purge-like" conditions as economic crisis worsens.
European terror attacks halted as German police arrest two known African Islamic extremists and Turkish cops seize four ISIS members with 24 suicide belts A 27-year-old Algerian and a 23-year-old Nigerian were arrested in dawn raids
Sweden's migrant chaos continues to rocket as nearly 100 asylum homes deliberately torched
Two US defense officials told CNN that there was an "unsafe" close encounter between a US Navy P-3 Orion aircraft and a Chinese surveillance aircraft Wednesday. One official said the Chinese plane was a People's Liberation Army Air Force KJ-200
Internet Backbone Provider Cogent Blocks Pirate Bay and other "Pirate" Sites
Panama raids Mossack Fonseca over Odebrecht bribery scandal
President Trump Phones Iraqi PM About Travel Ban - President Trump phoned Iraqi Prime Minister Haider Al-Abadi on Thursday night amid an increasingly strained bilateral relationship following Trumps executive order travel ban last month.
EU must kick coal habit by 2030 and the rest of the world by 2050 to meet Paris emissions targets, report says
Japan took in just 28 refugees in 2016, despite record applications
Hundreds of whales die in mass stranding on New Zealand beach
Trump reverses position, back's China's "One China" policy claim to Taiwan in a private call.
Ultra-nationalists have reportedly erected a swastika several meters high, despite the symbol being banned in Germany. Police in Bavaria have expressed worries about the rise of far-right crime in the region
Vladimir Putin calls snap Russia air-raid drill involving 45,000 troops and 150 aircraft
Trump endorses 'One China' policy in phone call with Xi Jinping
Buddhist monks in Myanmar protest arrival of a ship from Malaysia carrying aid for thousands of Rohingya people: "We want to let them know that we have no Rohingya here," a Buddhist monk said at the docks.
Russian hackers get burned in deal with Russia's spy agency
Trump backs 'One China' policy
Canada town feels burden of refugees crossing from US
The Eiffel Tower is to get a glass security wall in response to France's terror threat
Justin Trudeau and Donald Trump to meet Monday in Washington
Royal Air Force jets scramble to intercept Russian bombers circling UK and Ireland
At least five infected with HIV after dirty needles used at Chinese hospital
U.S., Chinese military planes in 'unsafe' encounter over disputed South China Sea
Eiffel Tower to be surrounded by bulletproof anti-terror glass wall | The wrought iron tower has been surrounded by metal fences since last year's European football championships. The new proposal is part of a 300 million euro upgrade of the aging structure
Exclusive - Trump border 'wall' to cost $21.6 billion, take 3.5 years to build: Homeland Security internal report
Israeli Arab beaten by passersby who mistook him for a terrorist
Eclipse, full moon and a comet to occur at the same time and light up the night sky in rare event - Comet 45P/Honda-Mrkos-Pajdukov  which blazes bright green with a huge purple tail  will be the headliner of a huge line-up
RAF Typhoon jets scrambled to intercept Russian bombers north of Scotland
Three injured in market attack near Tel Aviv
Trump backs One China policy in 'cordial' call with Xi - BBC News
Assad: Some refugees are "definitely" terrorists
Russian President Vladimir Putin has not been invited to this year's G7 summit of world leaders, Italian Prime Minister Paolo Gentiloni said
France fears that Russia is trying to push Marine Le Pen to victory
Residents Can Play Soccer Again In Mosul Without Islamic State Rules
Canadians want Trudeau to stand up to Trump, even if it leads to trade war: poll
Riots in France - a feeling of injustice: The violent arrest of a young black man has triggered several nights of riots in France.
The Purge in Brazil: Police strike in Espirito Santo leaves 100 dead amid anarchy
Armed forces take over Esprito Santo, Brazil; days after 'The Purge' became reality. 113 dead.
French Intelligence Agency Braces for Russian Bots to Back Le Pen
Whistleblower reveals passport fraud - Venezuela may have given passports to people with ties to terrorism.
China upgrades military infrastructure on South China Sea islands, report claims
National security adviser Flynn discussed sanctions with Russian ambassador, despite denials, officials say
China, U.S. Warplanes Had Unsafe South China Sea Encounter
Ecuador really can't wait for Julian Assange to move out of its embassy
New species of amoeba is named after a character in The Lord of the Rings
Rare Black-Maned Ethiopian Lion Caught on Video
Race to save 100 stranded whales on New Zealand beach
Top State Department Economist: US Sanctions In Russia Are Working Pretty Great
Violence erupts in South African parliament as opposition parties refuse to let president Zuma give his state of the nation address.
French nuclear power plant explosion: Blast at Flamanville station 'does not cause radioactive leak'
New EU rules will remove geoblocking so customers can use online subscription services, like Netflix, abroad
Dutch police say seize materials to make one billion Ecstasy pills
Endangered penguins hunting for fish in wrong place after climate change creates 'ecological trap' - Global warming is having different effects on different animals and plants so the tell-tales signs used by African penguins to find their prey no longer point in the right direction
Paris to Build Barrier Around Eiffel Tower to Counter Terrorism
Isis file reveals 'problem' foreign fighters are refusing to fight in Iraq - From sick notes to claims of martyr missions in Europe, the documents show jihadis are losing faith on the front line
CHIPS OFF THE TABLE Trump says US will honor 'one China' policy
Canada town feels burden of refugees crossing US border
Bullet-proof glass wall to be built around base of Eiffel Tower to protect against terrorists
S Australia's electricity market operator denies being asleep at the wheel during blackout: Another electricity shortage in Wednesday caused blackouts for 40,000 people. He admitted there was an error in the forecast.
Hungary plans to detain migrants in shipping containers | Budapest has said all migrants will be sent to detention centers while their asylum applications are pending. Prime Minister Orban admitted that this puts his country is in "open conflict" with the European Union
Common method of cooking rice can leave traces of arsenic in food, scientist warns
Travel ban ruling: judges refuse to reinstate Trump's order  live | US news
After Silence From Xi, Trump Endorses One China Policy
French nuclear plant fire comes amid industry turmoil
Paris to build 8-foot-high bulletproof glass wall around Eiffel Tower
Universal basic income 'useless', says Finland's biggest union
Power failure plunges parts of Brussels into darkness
China probes seven for graft in Xinjiang's restive deep south
Massive ice shelf break forces Antarctic researchers to evacuate
New Zealand men convicted of gay sex to have records wiped
Travel ban shuts out Yazidis despite their suffering at the hands of Isis
Paris shooting: Two dead after gunfire heard in city centre
Members of Rochdale grooming gang face deportation to Pakistan
Almost 90% of new power in Europe from renewable sources in 2016 - Wind energy overtakes coal as the EUs second largest form of power capacity but concerns remain over politicians enthusiasm for renewables
USFK Chief Hints at Preemptive Strikes Against N.Korean Missiles
US, Chinese Aircraft in 'Unsafe' Encounter Over S. China Sea
Trump backs "One China" policy in call with China's Xi
Peru ex-president Alejandro Toledo faces arrest on bribery charges
Church laws deliberately misused to cover up sex claims: Royal Commission
Yemen's food crisis: 'We are broken, we die either from bombing or hunger'
The first comprehensive assessment of Europe's crickets and grasshoppers has found that more than a quarter of species are being driven to extinction.
Queensland heatwave could break hot weather records
Rio Olympic venues already falling into a state of disrepair
Global brand names inadvertently funding Neo-Nazi and Islamist extremist websites through online adverts
Elite Hamas fighters defecting to Islamic State
US visa applicants could be asked for Facebook passwords in Donald Trump border crackdown
US does not dare carry out attack on Iran: Ali Akbar Velayati, adviser to supreme leader, calls US efforts to halt Iran's missile programme 'worthless fantasies'.
Qatar spending $500m a week on World Cup infrastructure projects - BBC News
US univ invites Dalai Lama: Chinese media warns overseas Indians of consequences
Official: Military Force of UN Mission Will Likely Go Soon
Brexit will cause 'vanishingly small' fall in net migration - report - Reduction was a core wish of leave voters, but overall figure will probably fall by less than 15%, thinktank predicts
Instagram generation is fuelling UK food waste mountain, study finds - Research highlights generational divide in attitudes towards food as millennials focus on its appearance while buying too much
Poland wants nuclear weapons for Europe | Europe | DW.COM | 07.02.2017
Panama's Attorney General's Office ordered a search of offices of Mossack-Fonseca, a law firm it accuses of setting up offshore accounts, that allowed a Brazilian construction company to funnel bribes to various countries.
China moves to stop taking organs from prisoners: UN
Germanys new front-runner: The Schulz - In a zany political climate, the former president of the European Parliament sees his electoral fortunes rise
Trump speaks with Afghan leader, U.S. commander calls for more troops
New support for British spaceports
Former mayor of London renounces US citizenship due to US citizenship based taxation
Hezbollah supporters in Beirut hold rare protest against party decision
Mexico's big fears: Gas prices 1st, Trump 2nd
U.S., China military planes come inadvertently close over South China Sea
Over 400 pilot whales strand on Farewell Spit, New Zealand The Department of Conservation say 416 pilot whales stranded overnight
Malaysia, N.Korea sign MOU on cultural exchange
Over 100 dead in Brazil as police strike spurs anarchy
Archaeologists have found a cave that once housed Dead Sea scrolls in a cliff in the Judean desert - the first such discovery in over 60 years.
Royal Air Force jets scramble to intercept Russian bombers circling UK and Ireland
Russian hackers get burned in deal with Russia's spy agency
Trump Ready to Approve Blocked Arms Sales to Saudi Arabia and Bahrain
Germany warns the City over Brexit risk
China to take fingerprints of foreign visitors as security step
Abe hopes to avoid landing in rough in golf outing with Trump
Ghana presidential fleet 'missing 200 cars' - Ghana's new government is trying to track down more than 200 cars missing from the president's office, a government spokesman has said.
US sources indicate Trump to support two-state solution
Japan May Woo Trump with 700,000 U.S. Jobs and a $7 Billion Factory
China to start fingerprinting foreign visitors, Terrorists with fake ID documents one of concerns
US commander tells Congress: More troops needed in Afghanistan
Venezuela falls behind on oil-for-loan deals with China, Russia
Turkey detains 4 IS suspects, seizes 24 suicide attack belts
A rash of invisible, fileless malware is infecting banks around the globe
Thousands of blue jellyfish invade Australian shore
'Christianity theme park' in Mao Zedong's home province sparks outrage - Neo-Maoists express fury online over project in city of Changsha, regarded as Chinese communisms answer to Mecca
50,000 women in Germany have suffered genital mutilation: report
Scottish MPs whistle Ode to Joy during Brexit vote
Venezuela falls behind on oil-for-loan deals with China, Russia
BBC News: Material for billion ecstasy pills seized in Netherlands
Trump denounced nuclear arms treaty in phone call with Putin  sources | World news
Indias Own Islamic State: How An Extremist Has Carved Out A Mini Islamic State In India's Bengal State
Bomb Threats Force Evacuation of Swedish Trains
Cardinal George Pell condemns anti-religious demands he return to Australian to face child abuse inquiry
Hundreds of thousands rally in Iran against Trump, chant Death to America
Venezuela falls behind on oil-for-loan deals with China, Russia
Radical Islam on rise in Belgian mosques
Merkel forced to deny Germany planning to lead a European nuclear superpower
Trump to reaffirm security commitment to Japan PM
China, Russia dispatch warships for Pak naval drill in Arabian Sea: Initiated in 2007, the naval drill is held every two years. This time, the drill will see the participation of the navies of 12 countries
Japanese Prime Minister to Meet With Trump at White House, Mar-a-Lago
German Chancellor Angela Merkel is set to unveil plans to significantly increase deportations of failed asylum seekers.
Liberal MP's anti-Islamophobia motion set for debate next week (Canada)
Iraqi archbishop backs Trump travel ban, hopes for aid to Christians
L'Oreal looks to sell The Body Shop
Russia completes largest missile delivery to Syria ever
Latest Update US appeals court maintains suspension of Donald Trump's travel ban
Donald Trump loses court battle to reinstate travel ban
Apple 'optimistic' about post-Brexit UK
Netanyahu says Israel is indestructible with Chuck Norris supporting it
Golf diplomacy: Japan's Abe hopes for strokes of genius to seal Trump trade pact
Brazil army takes over state's security as 100 killed amid police strike
Khalid Sheik Mohammed Told Obama In Letter That 9/11 Was America's Fault
Devices collecting health data may betray your secrets
Brexiteers condemned for not backing 350m NHS amendment to EU withdrawal bill - Voters can now see very well that pro-Leave Tories made that pledge cynically, without ever thinking about how it might be achieved
Security barrier to be built to protect Eiffel Tower
French voters still want scandal-hit Fillon to step down from presidential race: poll
Inside the far-right Q Society's explosive dinner, where Muslims are fair game
Russia confirms its planes accidentally killed three Turkish soldiers in Syria - RIA
Lockheed Wants to Make F-16 in India, But Trump Team May Take 'Fresh Look'
Romanian Justice Minister resigns over controversial corruption reforms
MP tables motion of no confidence in John Bercow over Trump comments
Russia calls NATO moves in Baltics, Poland and Germany a threat
Russian Hackers Get Burned in Deal With Russia's Spy Agency
Tillerson meets with Mexico's foreign minister, will visit Mexico City
Fire Breaks Out at Samsung's Battery Factory
Police: Palestinian wounds 6 Israelis in attack near market
John Bercow no-confidence motion filed by Tory MP after Donald Trump state visit comments
President Putin apologises after Russian air strike accidentally kills three Turkish soldiers in Syria - BBC News
US minor admits Brussels airport cyber attack: prosecutors
Norwegian Star cruise ship breaks down 32km from Melbourne
Belarus extradites Israeli blogger to Azerbaijan
Turkey detains four Islamic State suspects, seizes 24 suicide attack belts
'Become a suicide bomber' posters appear across London
Race to save 100 stranded whales on New Zealand beach
Ghana presidential fleet 'missing 200 cars' - BBC News
Italians Commission Statue of Trump For Park of Honor and Dishonor
German doctor re-ignites debate after banning abortions in clinic
Russian airstrike against IS kills three Turkish soldiers in Syria
US idea to collect travelers' passwords alarms privacy experts
China to take fingerprints of all foreign travellers entering country
Brexit bill: MPs reject amendment to protect EU citizens in UK
MP tables motion of no confidence in John Bercow over Trump comments | Politics
South African lawmakers brawl during protest of president
Far-right German politician convicted for refugee shelter arson.
Apple iCloud Hoards 'Deleted' Browser History Going Back More Than A Year
Duterte admits only 2 out of 5 of his statements are true
British think tank funded by Japan pushing anti-China propaganda into mainstream UK media
Turkish-Backed Opposition Advance Against Islamic State in Al-Bab
A 12th cave containing Dead Sea Scrolls discovered.
Scottish Parliament Votes Against Brexit
Shell launches bid to leave massive, sludgy oil rig remnants in North Sea for 500 years - 'Oil and gas companies operating in the North Sea have a legal, as well as moral, obligation to clean-up their mess,' says leading environmentalist
Storms ensure continuing 'heatwave' in the Arctic: 30C above normal temperatures
Syrian regime violates ceasefire ahead of Geneva peace talks
U.S. secretary of state Rex Tillerson reaffirms Six Assurances to Taiwan
Donald Trump visit: Speaker Bercow faces no-confidence bid
Riots grip Paris suburbs after teen allegedly sodomized by cop
Pro-Russian Guerilla Commander Mikhail 'Givi' Tolstykh Assassinated in Donetsk
Putins Most Potent Foe Is Barred From Presidential Race
Syria war: Russian air strike kills Turkey soldiers - BBC News
Captured by Indian Police, spy pigeon escapes, flies towards neighbouring country
Canada foreign minister will oppose U.S. border tariffs
1,000 Muslims feared killed in Myanmar army crackdown
Japan took in just 28 refugees in 2016, despite record applications
More than 700 stage anti-government protest in Nigerian capital
Dont tax us or well tax you: Canada issues pre-emptive warning on U.S. tariff talk
Blackburn activist becomes first British woman to join fight against Isis in Syria
Ottawa warns Trump team of retaliation if border tariffs imposed
China's first vertical forest in Nanjing to include 1,100 trees and 2,500 shrubs
Kremlin says east Ukraine unlikely to be part of deal with Trump
New Zealand to quash historical gay sex convictions
China vice premier says falsifying economic data will be punished: Any officials found responsible for bogus statistics would face demerits, denying them promotion, Zhang said.
Support for Scottish independence rises after PM May goes for 'clean break Brexit'
Romanian justice minister quits after graft decree debacle
Israel raises alarm over fears Irish will recognize Palestine
Yemen denies reports it banned U.S. ground operations after raid killed women and children
China to Start Fingerprinting Foreign Visitors
Images reveal three more Japanese WWII shipwrecks torn apart for scrap
Disabled child refugees entry to UK through resettlement scheme suspended by Home Office - Move condemned as marking new low in Governments handling of crisis
Ecuador presidential hopeful promises to evict Julian Assange from embassy
Call for speedy elimination of all forms of terrorist activity in Middle East
International Red Cross Suspends Activities in Afghanistan
Cleaner Robot Pulled From Fukushima Reactor Due to Radiation
Explosion at the Flamanville plant: no nuclear risk
Bitcoin is tanking after Chinese exchanges block withdrawals
'Informal' network helping refuge seekers get to Manitoba, U.S. officials say
Students recreate 5,000-year-old Chinese beer recipe
Taiwan, Japan should deepen exchanges: vice president
Residents can play soccer again in Mosul, without IS rules
British PM Theresa May says Trump immigration order was 'wrong'
Nigeria Rescues Oil Tanker From High-Seas Pirates
U.S. VP Pence heralds 'new day' in relations with Turkey: Turkish PM's office
Bank, energy stocks lift Wall St indexes to record highs
A Striking New View of the Pacific Blob: To better understand the strange mass of warm water that appeared from 2013 to 2016, scientists are mapping it from space.
Russia opposition leader Navalny says Kremlin sabotaging his presidential bid
Israel to reprimand Belgium over Breaking the Silence
Trump's list of 'under-reported terrorist attacks' includes one from Australia that didn't happen
Hebrew University Archaeologists Find 12th Dead Sea Scrolls Cave
Syria war: Russian air strike kills Turkey soldiers -
Residents Can Play Soccer Again in Mosul, Without IS Rules
President Putin apologises after Russian air strike accidentally kills three Turkish soldiers in Syria, Turkey says
Belgium will organize a conference in March to support NGO's that fight for women's rights, family planning and sexual health all over the world.
France Reports Explosion at Nuclear Power Plant
A new national report states that Indias extensive mass surveillance project, the Centralised Monitoring System, is now online and will be fully operational by the first quarter of 2017
Map showing existing or planned border fences and controls in Europe
Russian opposition leader Navalny found guilty in retrial, unable to run for presidency in 2018
Greece hopeful of imminent EU debt deal despite German warning | World news
Members of Rochdale child sex grooming gang facing deportation to Pakistan
Now, Pakistan claims India building a secret nuclear city
The Russian representative in UN Kurds should take part in Geneva talks
2 Arrested in Central Germany on Suspicion of Plotting Attack
NATO allies lock in U.S. support for stand-off with Russia
North Korea defector says Kim Jong Un unlikely to denuclearize
Tanzania to press Germany for damages for colonial era 'atrocities'
Excavations on the storied Judean cliffside revealed a new Dead Sea Scrolls cave, full of scroll storage jars and other antiquities, the first such discovery in over 60 years.
Islamic State-linked group claims rocket attack on Israeli resort
More than 100 reported killed in Brazil as police strike continues for sixth day
North Korea could own up to 45 nuclear arms by 2020 owing to an anticipated rise in its reserves of plutonium and enriched uranium.
Paris to put up glass wall to protect Eiffel Tower
World's largest refugee camp avoids shutdown
NATO summit with Trump on May 25, Belgium says
Berlin's Labor Court has ruled that the city violated a teacher's rights by denying her a job. The woman had been told that she could not wear her headscarf while working because of an ideological neutrality law
Almost 90% of new power in Europe from renewable sources in 2016
France's Macron seen beating Le Pen in presidential runoff: polls
Dog Egg stolen at knifepoint in Sydney
Venezuela may have given passports to people with ties to terrorism
France nuclear power: Explosion rocks Flamanville plant
Barrage of rockets fired at Israel's Red Sea resort town of Eilat
Explosion reported at Flamanville Nuclear Power Plant in France
Agencies abuse Czech visa system in Ukraine to fuel booming illegal business
Workers at the world's largest copper mine, BHP Billiton's Escondida in Chile, are vowing to launch a "long and hard" strike Thursday for pay increases, causing jitters on world markets. Escondida, a giant mine complex in the Atacama desert, produces about five percent of global copper output
Russian Airstrike in Syria Kills 3 Turkish Soldiers
Visitors to the U.S. may have to hand over social media passwords
Russian airstrikes accidentally kill three Turkish soldiers
Two of China's Biggest Exchanges Stop Bitcoin Withdrawals
Deadly disease outbreak cause links back to commercial breeding of piglets
Russian air strike kills Turkey soldiers
U.N. considering removing military peacekeepers from Haiti
More than 1,000 Rohingya feared killed in Myanmar crackdown, say UN officials
Quinoa genome could see 'super-food' prices tumble - BBC News
Israel apologizes for detaining Jewish American non-profit executive at airport
More than half of all new jobs created in the E.U. since 2010 have been as temp work.
ISIS claims responsibility for rocket attack in Israel
Putin sends condolences after airstrike kills 3 Turkish soldiers
Russian airstrike kills 3 Turkish soldiers in northern Syria
France's scandal-hit Fillon calls for inquiry to be dropped
Australia, China vow to deepen ties on trade
The head of Deutsche Bank Israel was arrested on suspicion of tax evasion amounting to tens of millions of shekels.
Only on AP: Norway to win most medals at Winter Olympics
Romania justice minister resigns over anti-corruption protests
UN: China takes steps to stop taking organs from prisoners
French nuclear power plant explosion: 'Several injured' after blast in Flamanville
US archbishop visits Vietnam to show countrys Catholics they are not forgotten | CatholicHerald.co.uk
Fraud investigations involving UK foreign aid have quadrupled over five years as more public money is given to fragile countries, a government spending watchdog has found.
Germany wants G20 to keep language on trade, currencies, climate: sources
U.S. strike kills top al-Qaeda leader in Syria
Islamic State claims Eilat rocket attack, threatens more
Donald Trump's state visit to UK will occur 'around June', London police chief says
Amnesty releases report on Muzaffarnagar gangrape survivors
El Chapo's sons wounded in cartel attack: Report
German authorities have arrested a suspected member of Afghanistan's Taliban who is accused of taking part in an attack in which an American soldier was killed.
Syria rebel fire kills three in Red Crescent centre: monitor
Mother of murdered backpacker condemns Trump for including Queensland attack on terror list
Turkish military: 3 Turkish soldiers accidently killed in Russian airstrike in northern Syria
Explosion reported at Flamanville Nuclear power plant in France
NATO allies lock in U.S. support for stand-off with Russia
Somalia elects first new president in decades
UK foreign minister no longer has U.S. citizenship
Impeached S. Korea Leader Cancels Questioning Over Scandal
Visitors to the U.S. may have to hand over social media passwords
Russian President Vladimir Putin and his Turkish counterpart Tayyip Erdogan agreed in a phone call on Thursday to step up military coordination against Islamic State in Syria, the Kremlin said in a statement
Explosion Hits Nuclear Power Station In Northwest France
Burn an American Flag? Some Iranians Saying No
First-born children are smarter than their siblings, reveals research
Hamas Brutally Assaults Shi'ite Worshippers in Gaza - Haaretz
'Intoxications' after blast at French nuclear power plant
New Dead Sea Scroll cave found near Qumran, but scrolls are gone
New Dead Sea Scrolls cave discovered
Disruptions at top two copper mines threaten global supply
British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson gives up US citizenship
Julian Assange will be evicted from Ecuadorian embassy, presidential hopeful says
Red Cross suspends Afghanistan operations after six aid workers killed
Glass wall to be erected to protect Eiffel Tower
A CNN investigation reveals that Venezuela for years may have issued passports to people with ties to terrorism.
Kenyan closure of Dadaab refugee camp blocked by high court
China's response to THAAD does not warrant South Korean action: minister
3 Turkish soldiers accidentally killed in Russian airstrike in Syria, Moscow confirms
Trump breaks ice with China's Xi in letter seeking 'constructive' ties
China to dominate global economy by 2050, US to fall behind India, Russia to top Europe  PwC
Afghan Red Cross pauses aid after 'despicable' attack
Germany's trade surplus sets new record - "Berlin... (is exploiting)... a "grossly undervalued" euro to its advantage" - "The record surplus will continue to fuel the conflict with the USA and within the EU"
Marine Le Pen: Either the EU changes or it will die
Meet Aisha, a former antelope hunter who now tracks Boko Haram
Yemen Withdraws Permissions for U.S. Ground Operations
4 Danish teens arrested after 'setting Afghan boy on fire'
UK Government backtracks on pledge to take Syrian child refugees - David Cameron promised 3,000 Syrian refugee children would be allowed to settle in the UK
Chinese hospital infects five with HIV by reusing equipment.
Boris Johnson, British Foreign Secretary, Drops Dual U.S. Citizenship
Japan's Abe to propose new cabinet level talks with United States: government official
A Russian court on Wednesday found opposition leader Alexei Navalny guilty in the retrial of a 2013 fraud case, which formally disqualifies him as a candidate for president next year.
Austria 'preparing to send troops to protect EU borders' against refugees
PLA 'does not want war', but is not afraid of one
Pope Francis issues thinly veiled rebuke of Donald Trump's Mexico border wall
Justin Trudeau canvasses world leaders before visit to Trump White House. The Canada prime minister has discussed Donald Trump with Britains Theresa May and Frances Franois Hollande as he prepares for a trip to Washington
Trump Wrote Xi a Letter and China Is Happy
Polish Official Highlights Security, Russian Aggression
The Latest: Hungary to Put Refugees in Border Container Camp
India Denies Pakistan Claim of Building Secret Nuclear City
Massive explosion rocks chemical plant in east China
Staff offered skin implant to sign into work | Euronews
German Exports Hit New High in 2016, Trade Surplus Widens
Its Not A Matter Of Law, But Of Counter-Measures
Explosion at Flamanville nuclear plant in northern France | Environment
China warns US to brush up on its history over disputed South China Sea
Wife of hospitalized Putin critic: My husband was poisoned
French President visits 'police rape victim' | Euronews
Shanty town fire in Philippines leaves 15,000 homeless
Burmese government 'killed more than 1,000 Rohingya Muslims' in crackdown
Powerful Atlantic Storm To Send Arctic Temperatures 50 Degrees Above Average (Again)
Inquiry over Met police intelligence unit claimed to have destroyed files
Hebrew University archaeologists find 12th Dead Sea Scrolls cave
Russia's leading opposition leader, Alexei Navalny, has been found guilty of embezzlement
Dakota Access Pipeline: ETP firm to resume work immediately
Chinese diplomat confirmes Putin expected to take part in Silk Road Forum
Moscow mediates talks between Assad &amp; Syrian Kurds  Russian FM
India has shut the gate on the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation on a critical national health mission, and possible conflict of interest issues arising from the foundations ties with pharmaceutical companies is one of the reasons.
Indian textbook asks students to kill a kitten for an experiment
South China Sea: 'There cannot be' conflict between US and China, Foreign Minister warns
Radiation at Japan's Fukushima Reactor Is Now at 'Unimaginable' Levels
Most Europeans want immigration ban from Muslim-majority countries, poll reveals
Carlos Slim to launch a made in Mexico electric vehicle
Red Cross suspends Afghanistan operations after six aid workers killed
Ukraine conflict: Rebel leader Givi dies in rocket attack
Trump's travel ban finds fans in Europe
Chaos rules as the military police of the Brazilian state of Esprito Santo strikes; at least 70 dead since Sunday
People smuggler 'wanted to help' Filipinos - By the time Iluminada Panabe was convicted of human smuggling, police estimated 800 Filipinos had gained illegal entry to Europe.
Great Barrier Reef : Coal spillage in heritage protected area so widespread it is washing onto local beaches.
Kenyan court quashes government order to close refugee camp | World news
US official: Iran fires defensive missile
Iron Dome successfully intercepts 3 rockets from Israel, 1 falls in open area
Trump breaks ice with China in letter to Xi Jinping, his first direct approach to the Chinese leader
Turkish-backed Syrian opposition fighters resumed a major offensive inside the Islamic State-held city of al-Bab on Thursday, a day after they broke through IS defenses in its remaining stronghold in Aleppo province
UK Jeremy Corbyn accuses BBC of reporting 'fake news' when challenged on resignation rumours - 'Im really surprised the BBC is reporting fake news. There is no news,' says Labour leader
Italy to ramp up migrant deportations: minister
Australian Immigration Minister seeks 'Trump-like' powers to target visa-holders from certain nations
Aretha Franklin announces retirement
Philippines Recognizes Bitcoin as Payment System
Putin critic ill after suspected poisoning
Trump Calls World Leaders... But China's Xi Gets a Letter
Women IDF supporters to visit Israel
Australia says minor tweaking can salvage TPP without the US
US visitors may have to reveal social media passwords to enter country
The UN appealed for $2.1 billion to provide desperately needed aid to millions of people in war-ravaged Yemen this year, warning the country could soon face famine.
New Zealand Men Convicted of Gay Sex to Have Records Wiped
Burn an American Flag? Some Iranians Are Saying No
Venezuela may have given passports to people with ties to terrorism
Dadaab: Kenyan court blocks closure of world's largest refugee camp
Merkel Hopes to Step up Germany's Migrant Deportations
India has built 'secret nuclear city', claims Pakistan
Schools close, hospitals swell as influenza spikes | The Japan Times
Tory MPs just blocked a bid to reveal if Brexit will give the NHS 350m pounds a week
Countdown: Bitcoin Will Be a Legal Method of Payment in Japan in Two Months
China's Government may ban under-18s from playing video games late at night
Images reveal three more Japanese WWII shipwrecks torn apart for scrap.
Yemeni rockets kill scores of Saudi-backed militias in Mokha
Russia blocks porn site Brazzers over claims it is damaging to the 'human psyche'
Highly-trained Hamas commandos head to Egypt to team-up with terror group ISIS
Toronto man, missing for 5 years, found wandering on Brazilian highway
Dramatic explosion at Chinese chemical plant causes injuries
Brexit bill clears House of Commons, Labour MP steps down
The blogger jailed for visiting a country that 'doesn't exist'
Guatemala arrests Supreme Court judge in corruption probe
In French bellwether city, scandal deepens election uncertainty
House of Commons approves Brexit bill
Vladimir Putin signs controversial law partially decriminalising domestic abuse in Russia
Iran fires another missile from launch pad, US official says
Donald Trump keeps China on hold with letter but no phone call for Xi Jinping | US news
Venezuela may have given passports to people with ties to terrorism - CNN.com
Dismissed Turkish professor says ongoing crackdown 'a political purge'
U.S. officials stopped screening refugees for potential resettlement in the United States this week but will return to the Pacific atoll of Nauru to continue working toward a deal that President Donald Trump has condemned as "dumb," an Australian minister said Thursday
Jordanian activists released after spy agency crackdown
US Visitors May Have To Hand Over Social Media Passwords
Activists Plan Emergency Actions Across the Country to Protest Approval of Dakota Access Pipeline
Yemen conflict: UN launches $2.1bn aid appeal amid famine threat - BBC News
At least 20 people have been killed in a suicide bombing at the Afghan Supreme Court in Kabul, officials say. Another 45 people were injured. The number of casualties is expected to rise.
On Tuesday, China blocked a proposal by the United States to designate Jaish-e-Muhammad (JeM) chief Masood Azhar a global terrorist. The US move at the United Nations Security Council was backed by the United Kingdom and France in an apparent show of support for India
Challenging times ahead for Singapore's water security
Fukushima's radiation reaches 'unimaginable' levels
Isis claims it attacked Israeli port of Eilat with rockets launched from Egypt
At least 19m paid to informants by police forces over five years
Pope Francis Denounces Evil of Widespread Anti-Semitism
Organs from prisoners probably still harvested in China, says official
Pope Francis reveals how he shrugs off stress: 'I'm not on tranquilisers'
Out of pocket, Italians fall out of love with the euro
Breakfast cereals targeted at children contain 'steadily high' sugar levels since 1992 despite producer claims - The sugar content in some cereals is as high as 35 per cent of the total product - unchanged from levels seen over 20 years ago
Syrian President: Trumps pledge to fight terror promising
Toronto man with mental health problems, missing for 5 years, found wandering in Brazil
Plague of Locusts Leads Bolivia to Issue State of Emergency
Pope says 'at peace' confronting Vatican corruption, sex abuse
US says it killed bin Laden-era al Qaeda leader in Syria
Russian Court Blocks Putin Critic Aleksei Navalny From Presidential Run
Brazil court says Rio governor should step down over campaign financing
Uk MPs have approved the bill giving Theresa May permission to trigger Brexit. The European Union (Notification of Withdrawal) Bill passed by 494 votes to 122 - a majority of 372.
Israeli Military Shoots Down Rockets Fired From Egypt
ISIS claims responsibility for Eilat rockets
University research into IS women was carried out by IS sympathiser
North Korea is flouting sanctions, the UN Panel of Experts reports
Goldman Sachs hedge fund folding London operations, shifting staff to U.S.
Indonesia Military Accepts Australian Apology for Insult
Chinese foreign minister: In a fight between China and the US 'both sides will lose and both sides cannot afford that'
U.S. commander: Mosul, Raqqa should be retaken from Islamic State in 6 months
More than 1,000 feared killed in Myanmar army crackdown on Rohingya
Boris Johnson, British Foreign Secretary, Drops Dual U.S. Citizenship
A wind turbine on every street light.
Germany Wary of Russian Propaganda Campaign, Lacks Proof
US queries PayPal in money laundering probe - France 24
IDF retaliates after Syrian mortar lands in Golan Heights
Australia Catholic Church faces six decades of child-abuse allegations
Aleksei Navalny, Viable Putin Rival, Is Barred From a Presidential Run
Scientists find cure for Ebola: Horse antibodies.
Kosovo Intelligence Chief's Indictment Suddenly Withdrawn
Russia opposition leader Navalny says Kremlin sabotaging his presidential bid
Flies are spreading antibiotic resistance from farms to people
NZ Government to quash historic gay sex convictions
Trump breaks ice with China's Xi in letter seeking 'constructive' ties
Anonymous take down huge chuck of the Darkweb
German Chancellor Merkel 'working to hold the EU together' - German Chancellor Angela Merkel has changed course and is now advocating a Europe of "two speeds." Her goal is to save the European project. Many do not agree with her means to the end.
Duterte echoes Trump: Media is 'dishonest'
Turkey sacks 4500 more government employees in latest purge, includes 330 academic personnel.
Explosion on Paris metro as smoke fills station
Jerusalem gallery shuttered after government demands cancellation of anti-occupation group event
Erdogan, Trump agree to act jointly against Islamic State in Syria: Turkish sources
Yemenis dying either from Saudi bombing or hunger: Local
New Zealand government to quash historic gay sex convictions
China makes progress on construction of second aircraft carrier
Canadian woman turned away from US border after questions about religion, Trump
Massive ancient undersea landslide discovered off Great Barrier Reef
A New Google Doodle Commemorates Samba Star Carmen Miranda
Flooding, mudslides, some school closures expected in North Bay
Plague of locusts leads Bolivia to issue state of emergency
Bahrain Arrests Fugitives It Says Were Attempting to Flee
12th Dead Sea Scrolls cave discovered in Israel
Six Red Cross members killed in Afghanistan leading to ICRC suspending its aid activities in Afghanistan
Trump's sanctions won't stop Iranian oil
New-to-Japan F-35B Lightning II stealth fighters make first flights around Okinawa
A record 128.1 billion cyberattacks against networks in Japan were detected in 2016, more than double the previous year, according to a recent survey by a public research institute.
Police strike plunges Brazil state into lawlessness -- The state of Espirito Santo has seen dozens of murders and hundreds of robberies in just a few days.
Brexit Bill Passed by Lower House of Parliament, Heads to Lords
UK to end 'Dubs' scheme to resettle refugee children
AP Top News Former prime minister wins Somalia's presidential vote
Equatorial Guinea government moves to new city in rainforest
Authorities in the Brazilian state of Esprito Santo have requested more federal troops to stem a crime wave, amid an ongoing police strike that in five days has led to more than 80 reported deaths.
UK's House of Commons Passes Bill Authorizing Brexit
Govt introduces new Google tax laws
'Several Injured' After 'Explosion' At French Nuclear Plant
Terror Watchdog Warns of Growing Radicalism In Belgian Mosques
Scottish government set to demand legal right to new independence referendum: newspaper
Trump breaks ice with China's Xi in letter
A Brazilian electoral court has ruled that the governor of Rio de Janeiro state and his deputy should step down for awarding contracts in exchange for campaign donations
We thank Trump for exposing the reality of the U.S.: Ayatollah Khamenei
Hydrogen Mobility Europe (H2ME) deploys its first 100 zero-emission vehicles across Europe
Man files $45 million lawsuit against Uber for revealing his infidelity
Beijing to hold events marking KMT Taiwan February 28 massacre, but some see ulterior motive
Russia Blocks Porn Site Brazzers for 'Damaging Human Psyche'
U.N. needs $2.1 billion to avert famine in Yemen
Russia detains nine hackers over USD 17 million bank thefts
Warning of famine, UN asks for $2.1 billion in aid for war-ravaged Yemen
Russia opposition leader Navalny says Kremlin sabotaging his presidential bid
Kremlin critic gets five-year suspended sentence in retrial, which bars him from running for president in next election.
Part of Paris metro disrupted by electrical fault, smoke -police
U.S. debt, gold, gain favor as investors seek safety
UK Government accused of kicking UN concerns about austerity into the long grass - In a letter to the Equality and Human Rights Commission, Justice Minister Oliver Weald rejects UN concerns that welfare reform is worsening inequality in the UK
Death toll now 75 in Espirito Santo, Brazil as lawlessness chaos ensues
Dutch far-right politician Geert Wilders tweets photoshopped, fake picture of his political rival surrounded by radical Islamists holding up signs such as "Shariah for the Netherlands"
MPs reject Brexit bill amendment to protect EU citizens in UK
Pope issues stinging criticism of Myanmar's treatment of Rohingya
Turkey sacks 4,400 more civil servants, including teachers and police
Italian Populist Salvini Seeks Alliance With Trump Administration
Hamas says two killed in 'Israeli attack' on underground tunnel
Dutch Pirate Party: The Powers That Be Aren't Too Welcoming of Bitcoin
Britain's House of Commons Approves Brexit Talks
Trump presidency heralds new era of closer ties with Egypt
Human rights groups file suit against Israel settlement law
Injuries reported after 'explosion' and fire on Paris metro
India to take part in Russia-organised Afghan meet mid-February in Moscow
Donald Trump: I dont know Putin, have no deals in Russia, and the haters are going crazy
MPs back Brexit bill - BBC News
Brazil's Jailed Ex-Speaker Submits Evidence of Aneurism
Russia deploys air defense missiles for massive drills
Pakistan police accept 12-year-old Christian girl was murdered
Dozens of passengers evacuated from station in Paris
Indonesia accepts Australian apology and promise of punishment over offensive material
Labour bid to protect EU citizens' rights after Brexit rejected by MPs - EU CITIZENS living in the UK have been left in limbo after MPs voted against a bid to guarantee their rights to stay post-Brexit.
China halts construction at major Lotte project amid THAAD tension
More refugees entered Uganda last year than crossed the Mediterranean
Philippines seeks US, China help to combat sea pirates
Russian Police Arrest 9 Hacking Suspects
Yemen Backtracks on Suspending U.S. Raids After Civilian Casualties
Yemen Backtracks on Suspending U.S. Raids After Civilian Casualties
Boris Johnson, British Foreign Secretary, Drops Dual U.S. Citizenship
British Ministers refused to stop bomb sales to Saudi Arabia despite being told to do so by own export control chief
Western Australian dolphins using blowfish to get high
EU wants to agree formula for Britain's exit bill, not final amount
Alexei Navalny: Russian opposition leader found guilty - BBC News
Statue wars reveal contested history of Japan's 'comfort women'
Archaeologists Find New Dead Sea Cave
Extreme Chilean Wildfires Worst in Decades
Israeli groups sue to stop settlement legalization law
China says Indian bid to ban terrorist Masood Azhar lacks consensus
Justin Trudeaus Bahamas vacation: 2nd request for ethics investigation sent to watchdog - National
Rolf Harris found not guilty of three sex offences, jury fails to deliver verdict on remaining four
Faulty Batteries Cause Fire at Samsung Battery Plant (Feb. 8th, 2017)
Qatar Spending $500 Million a Week on World Cup | VICE Sports
Pokemon Go invades South Korea, and US forces are ready for it
China central bank warns bitcoin exchanges on money laundering
A new terror assessment report from the Danish Security and Intelligence Service (PET) warns that fake news and misinformation online could spur mentally unstable individuals to carry out violent attacks.
More paint brushes suspected to have pig bristles seized
Monetary Policy Committee Meeting: Rates unchanged; stance shifts from accommodative to neutral
Buddhist monk arrested in Myanmar with more than four million methamphetamine pills
British lawmakers give May green light to launch Brexit negotiations
German intelligence 'finds no evidence of Putin disinformation campaign' | Germany's secret services have found little evidence that the Kremlin is directly trying to manipulate the country's public opinion. But the leaked government report suggests that indirect methods may be at work
Ancient undersea landslide discovered in Australia
Syria claims Israel bombed residential building in Quneitra
Non-halal tags added to avoid brush with the law - Nation | The Star Online
Yemen Denies 'Fake News' That It Withdrew Permission For US Ground Operations
Stop Israelis from these crimes: Palestine demands international action over settlements law
TASS: Russian Politics &amp; Diplomacy - THAAD in South Korea poses direct threat to Russian security, ambassador says
In First Call with Erdogan, Trump Stresses Close Relationship with Turkey
Fighting in Karabakh: Azerbaijani army prevents Armenian diversion
Hungarian mayor seeks to ban Muslims and gay people from his village
Japan ranks as 2nd-biggest country for U.S. trade deficit - Japan was the second-largest contributor to the United States goods trade deficit in 2016 following China, rising from the previous years third place and overtaking Germany, U.S. trade data showed Tuesday.
Abdullahi Mohammed Farmaajo declared Somalia president
Israeli Allies Criticize Legalization of Thousands of West Bank Settlements. "I do believe that our right over our fatherland is something that cannot be denied." says Israeli Cabinet Minister
Somalis celebrate 'new dawn' after presidential election win
Google and Facebook partner for anti-fake news drive during French election
Violence spreads in Paris suburbs after police rape accusation
UK house raided in German Fateh al-Sham jihadists investigation
Suspect in Louvre attack says he did not get orders from Islamic state
Syrian jets carry out deadly strikes on rebel-held Homs district
El Salvador arrests TV-radio host, 27 others in drugs case
Europe urged to offer migrants work to cut Mediterranean deaths.
Romanian government survives no-confidence motion over graft debacle
North Korea defector in Russia about to be deported, facing death or forced labour sentence
Vladimir Putin orders Russian air force to prepare for 'time of war'
Yemen Withdraws Permission for U.S. Antiterror Ground Missions
UKs House of Commons passes bill authorizing Brexit
Suicide Bomber says Boko Haram paid her less than $1 to detonate bomb
Canada records highest population growth rate in G7
Robots 'could replace 250,000 UK public sector workers' - Reform thinktank says sector could be the next Uber and staff should embrace the gig economy amid rise in automation.
Jeremy Corbyn says Speaker John Bercow is 'absolutely right' to ban Donald Trump from Parliament
First Vertical Forest In Asia To Have Over 3,000 Plants And Turns CO2 Into 132 Pounds Of Oxygen Per Day
Taiwan Hits Record Tourist Numbers Despite Plunge in Chinese
Husband saves suicidal wife from jumping off building by grabbing her ponytail at the last second
Pope Francis: Christians must be living signs of hope
French presidency to hold top-level meeting on Russian hacking: report
SA troops 'to keep order' in parliament
Poll shows support for Scottish independence rising: Herald Scotland
Fukushima nuclear reactor radiation at highest level since 2011 meltdown
Don't build walls, Pope Francis says
Separatist Commander 'Givi' Killed In Eastern Ukraine
Skeletons of London's past exposed in rail line dig - Artefacts revealing 8,000 years of human history in London are going on show on Friday after being unearthed during the city's giant underground railway project.
Alexei Navalny: Russian Court Convicts Main Opposition Leader
Islamic State suspected of killing six Afghan Red Cross workers: officials
The Latest: EU Nations Took 12,000 Refugees From 160K Plan
Yemen Will Ban U.S. Ground Missions After Last Week's Deadly Raid, Report Says
Refugees crossing into Canada from US on foot despite freezing temperatures
Aleksei Navalny, a Putin Critic, Is Barred From a Presidential Run
Syria conflict: Thousands hanged at Saydnaya prison, Amnesty says - As many as 13,000 people, most of them civilian opposition supporters, have been executed in secret at a prison in Syria, Amnesty International says.
Brazil troops patrol city of Vitoria hit by police strike - BBC News
China may still be using executed prisoners' organs, official admits
No case for relaxation of Russia sanctions, Boris Johnson to tell EU
Child migrants: UK to end 'Dubs amendment' commitment
Six Red Cross workers in Afghanistan are shot dead in ambush
More than 1,000 Rohingya Muslims may have been killed in a Myanmar army crackdown, according to two senior United Nations officials dealing with refugees fleeing the violence, suggesting the death toll has been a far greater than previously reported.
Brexit vote: Theresa May wins Commons approval to trigger Article 50 as Labour's Clive Lewis resigns
Mogadishu on lockdown as Somali MPs elect president
Astronauts Brains Change Shape After Space Missions
Call for accurate statistics in China
U.K. aid package would redirect refugees to Asia, Latin America
A Crack in an Antarctic Ice Shelf Grew 17 Miles in the Last Two Months
Women in Argentina go topless in protest over right to sunbathe semi-nude
Strange anomaly in the Earths magnetic field could signal a pole reversal
Chaos Swells Amid Police Strike in Brazil State
Reports Reveal Beijing To Cut Coal Use By 30% In 2017
Russian opposition leader Alexei Navalny ruled guilty, barring him from 2018 race
ICRC: Six Red Cross aid workers killed in Afghanistan
Thousands of Chile's poorest displaced in wildfires
Japanese mission to clear up space junk ends in failure - Japans space agency, JAXA, has confirmed the failure of a mission intended to test technology for clearing up debris in space. The Kounotori 6 cargo transporter returned to Earth and burned up in the atmosphere.
By banning Taiwans flag, Cambodia adds to Taipeis woes with Beijing - Cross-strait ties are expected to take another hit after Cambodia banned the raising of the Taiwanese national flag in the Southeast Asian nation.
The Navy SEAL raid in Yemen last week had a secret objective  the head of al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula, who survived and is now taunting President Donald Trump in an audio message.
The United States has stripped Oleh Liashko, leader of the Radical Party fraction in the Ukrainian Parlament, of his American visa
China says United States should 'brush up on' South China Sea history
Police on strike in Esprito Santo, Brazil. With no police, cities have turned into wild west style chaos with dozens of murders and widespread looting.
US tones down bellicose talk on South China Sea
Netanyahu orders reprimand of Belgian ambassador
BBC News: Alexei Navalny: Russian opposition leader 'found guilty'
China, India to Overtake U.S. Economy by 2050
Whistleblower Accuses Venezuela of Issuing Passports to Terrorists
Tesla to launch in India this summer, tweets CEO Elon Musk
Grand Island, NY, resident is elected President of Somalia
European Parliaments lead Brexit negotiator warns European Union could 'disappear' - Guy Verhofstadt says that now is 'an existential moment for the European Union'
Trump may add Iran's Revolutionary Guard to terror list
Mongolia's capital is blanketed in toxic smog
Alexei Navalny: Russian opposition leader found guilty
Somali-U.S. citizen Mohamed Abdullahi Farmajo wins milestone election despite violence, corruption and bribery
Ukrainian parlament calls on foreign parliaments to condemn Russia's deliberate destruction of Avdiivka
Donald Trump's stance on nuclear weapons remains unclear, but as two Nobel Prize-winning nuclear experts argue, he's potentially the best world leader to abolish them - Quartz
'The aim is to weaken the West': The inside story of how Russian propagandists are waging war on Europe
Israel edges out South Korea for top spot in research investment. Two countries vie to invest more of their economy into research than anyone else.
Turkey dismisses 4,400 public servants in latest post-coup attempt purge
The death of more than 2,000 critically endangered Saiga antelope in Mongolia was caused by a disease that could now threaten the entire population
Myanmar's security forces have committed mass killings and gang rapes of Rohingya Muslims
Elite Hamas fighters defecting to Islamic State
Rolf Harris trial: Ex-TV star cleared of sex assault charges - BBC News
Airstrikes on rebel-held Syrian district kill 9 civilians
Anti-corruption bus tours hit the streets in Mexico
Baby born from 16-year-old frozen embryo
Colombia and ELN in talks to end 52 years of war
Pakistani military leaders support terrorist groups that attack India, while routing those that attack Pakistan, says a report by Hussain Haqqani
Six Afghan Red Cross Workers Killed by Suspected ISIL Militants
Canada raises alert on fraudulent Chinese visas
Lebanon: High-profile Daesh commander killed in clashes near Syrian border
A married teenage couple have been charged with planning to carry out a terror attack in Sydney. Sameh Bayda and Alo-Bridget Namoa, both 19, are accused of "conspiracy to do an act, or acts in preparation for, or planning, a terrorist act or acts".
Rolf Harris could be free in just months as he's cleared of three sex charges
Aleksei Navalny, a Putin Critic, Is Barred From a Presidential Run
European Union has supported ISIS 'from the very beginning', claims Syrian president Bashar al-Assad
Germany's intelligence agencies find no evidence of Russian interference
White House weighs designating Iran's Revolutionary Guard a terrorist group
Call to block Trump from addressing British Parliament stirs controversy
Australian Prime Minister calls opposition leader 'sycophant', 'parasite' during heated Question Time exchange
Several injured after train incident at train station in East London
Chinas Nuclear Power Capacity Set to Overtake U.S. Within Decade
Marine Le Pen: French Jews should sacrifice yarmulke in struggle against radical Islam
Russia Warns Other States Against Interfering in South China Sea Dispute
Qatar spending $500m a week on World Cup infrastructure projects
Chinese Submarines Are Indian Navy's New Focus In Massive Exercise Off Goa
Turkish Officials: CIA Director Mike Pompeo to Visit Turkey on Thursday to Discuss Security Issues
Pope Francis defends right of Burmas Rohingya Muslims to live their faith
'Conditions' not yet met: China blocks US move to ban Masood Azhar
The Netherlands Keeps Closing Prisons Because It Doesn't Have Enough Prisoners
As Trump Weighs Thaw With Putin, EU Set to Renew Its Blacklist
'Bored' RAF pilot sent 187 passengers into a nosedive
PLO calls for halt of security cooperation with Israel
Pakistan military supports terror groups against India: Report
Putin foe found guilty in retrial, threatening 2018 presidential run
US and Turkey to 'work together' to fight Isis in Syria - Two leaders discuss future strategies in the complex Syrian civil war, including safe zones for civilians, in late night phone call
Turkey Sacks 4,400 More Civil Servants
Marine Le Pen backs Vladimir Putin and denies invasion of Crimea
Public Putin critic found guilty of a serious crime, barring him from running in 2018
Body cameras on trial in English schools
UN: 120,000 Nigerians Likely Face Boko Haram-Created Famine
Duterte calls ex-Colombian president idiot for comment on drug war
Syrian rebels and Turkish forces close in on 'IS' town of al-Bab - Syrian rebels and Turkish forces have taken control of hills around the "IS"-controlled town of al-Bab in Syria. Presidents Trump and Erdogan meanwhile spoke by phone, a possible sign of improving US-Turkey relations
German intelligence finds no evidence of Russian meddling
Yemen requests no US ground missions without approval after raid
"This is the future of repression. If we do not fight it there, it will happen here." Edward Snowden on Cameroon blackout.
Denmark leads European push for womens rights to counter Trumps global gag rule
The blogger jailed for visiting a country that 'doesn't exist'
Scientists Measure Highest Radiation Levels Yet Inside Fukushima's Damaged Reactors - The latest measurements are over seven times the previously measured highenough to fry a robot in two hours.
Dozens of topless women, joined by hundreds of fully clothed protesters, have demonstrated in Buenos Aires to demand the right to sunbathe semi-nude after police asked bare-breasted women to leave a nearby beach.
Merkel to present program to speed up deportation of failed asylum seekers  reports
A Russian Court Has Found Opposition Leader Alexei Navalny Guilty in the Retrial of a 2013 Fraud Case
China prepares for conflict with USA
Nearly two-dozen refugees walk over Canadian border from U.S.
South Korea's president is expected to face prosecutors in coming days
'It was a big media event': tube attack victim on being on Trump's 'terror' list | US news
Kremlin is ready to wait 6 years for an apology from Fox News journalist Bill O'Reilly for calling Putin a 'killer'
David Cameron's mother has won an award for campaigning against cuts his government brought in - Mary Cameron signed a petition opposed to the closure of a local children's centre
The death of more than 2,000 critically endangered Saiga antelope in Mongolia was caused by a disease that could now threaten the entire population. Wildlife Conservation Society (WCS) scientists, who work in the affected grassland area of Western Mongolia, say the disease originated in livestock.
Donald Trump and Vladimir Putin 'trying to redraw the map of Europe', former French PM warns
US move for a UN ban on Jaish-e-Mohammed chief Masood Azhar blocked again by China : World, News
European university professor sentenced to death in Iran for espionage
Rolf Harris trial: Singer cleared of three charges
Chinese family of 500 takes rare photo at reunion - BBC News
New Hamas music video threatens to rain down rockets on Israel
Socialite Tara Palmer-Tomkinson found dead
Hamas promises Israelis swift demise  in rhyme
President Bashar al-Assad says possible Russia and United States cooperation positive for Syria
Suicide bomber kills at least 20 at Afghan Supreme Court in Kabul
Isis-linked hackers attack NHS (National Health Service) websites to show gruesome images from Syrian civil war - The hacks 'appear to be deliberately targeted at the British public institution
South Sudan president says soldiers who rape should be shot
Four of Iceland's main volcanoes all preparing for eruption
Scotland rejects triggering Brexit in non-binding vote
Tiny Frog Last Seen In 1962 Found In The Mountains Of Zimbabwe
Ministry of Finance predicts Russias debt to increase to 15.7 percent of GDP
Romanian government survives no-confidence motion over graft debacle
Canadian military to become first in world to issue guidelines on child soldiers
EU, US Experts Oversee Vetting of Albania's Judiciary
French election race marred by gay affair rumours
Saudi Arabia deports 39,000 Pakistanis in 4 months: report
The Philippine Government has declared an all-out war against New People's Army (Communist Party of the Philippines)
Israel offered prisoner exchange to Hamas through intermediaries
Schiphol Amsterdam first to use facial recognition instead of passport
Justin Trudeaus Family Vacation on Aga Khans Island Leads to Ethics Inquiry
Biggest UK abortion provider to turn away Irish women
Saudi man arrested before setting himself alight in Mecca
Donald Trump should not be allowed to speak in Westminster Hall, says Speaker
Holocaust survivor Chaim Ferster, who faced eight Nazi death camps, dies
Australia has the highest paid Postmaster General (Post office CEO) - AU$5.6M
Assad says family do not own Syria, ready to be voted out
Female genital mutilation falls sharply in Iraq's Kurdish region. "We're quite certain that we can eradicate FGM in one generation if efforts continue".
Social care fund 'fails to reduce pressure on hospital beds'
Manila fire destroys homes of 15,000 shantytown residents
Romanian government survives no-confidence motion over graft debacle
Britons oppose UK arms sales to Saudi Arabia
Political scandal overshadows South Korea 2018 Olympic prep
China opposes deployment of U.S. stealth ship in South Korea
Senator Manny "Pacman" Pacquiao: "Drug traffickers deserve death penalty"
Mexicans back president's Trump snub despite mounting disapproval
Canada raises alert on fraudulent Chinese visas
Understanding Frexit: Investors are Worried about French Exit from EU
Longest Flight Links Qatar-Auckland in Latest Endurance Test
ISIS Claims Kabul Suicide Attack That Killed At Least 20
Joyous Africans Take to the Rails, With China's Help
Brain surgeon sues airline after jamming finger in table tray
Lukashenko: Russia frightened that Belarus will go towards West
Russian Library Cancels Harry Potter Quiz Over Concerns About Dangerous Potions
President Rodrigo Duterte to send rogue cops to violence-plagued south Philippines
Brexit bill set for final vote in House of Commons
Saudi Arabia plans to raise military spending by 6.7% in 2017
Sydney University under fire for vet scholarship giving preference to males
German police evacuate school near Leipzig, search for explosives
Saudi Arabia steps up crackdown on human rights activists, watchdog claims
Wife of Russian opposition activist says hes been poisoned
India ISROs to launch 104 satellites next week, 88 will be from U.S. Only three of them are Indian satellites.
U. S. Army grants easement for Dakota Access Pipeline: court filing
Bipartisan US Lawmakers Urge Trump to Sanction Venezuela
Commission: Russian propaganda focused on denigrating Merkel
Greenland Ice Sheet Melting 600 Percent Faster Than Predicted by Current Models
Australia Post boss paid 10 times more than PM
ISIS in Mosul: Daesh religious police Al-Khansa 'biting women to death with metal jaws'
Russia to deliver 10 Su-35 fighter jets to China this year
Macedonia 'Should be Divided between Kosovo, Bulgaria' - US Official
And just like that, China becomes the world's largest solar power producer - "(China) will be pouring some $364 billion into renewable power generation by the end of the decade."
After expos of flaws in assault investigations, police forces across Canada begin to audit recent cases
Chinese judge labels Trump 'public enemy of the rule of law'
Station chaos Several injured in train incident at east London station.
Reports Reveal Beijing To Cut Coal Use By 30% In 2017
EU foreign policy chief: Israel's land-grab law entrenches one-state reality of unequal rights
7% of Catholic Priests in Australia Accused of Sexually Abusing Children
US appeals court upholds suspension of Trump travel ban
Far-right German politician convicted for refugee shelter arson - BBC News
The Trump Organization is returning to a long-dormant licensing deal involving a beachfront luxury resort in the Dominican Republic, testing the limits of Donald Trump's pledge to halt new international Trump-branded projects during his presidency.
Russian air strike kills Turkey soldiers - President Putin apologises after Russian air strike accidentally kills three Turkish soldiers in Syria, Turkey says
Wikipedia bans the Daily Mail as a source for being 'unreliable'
Canadian man battling schizophrenia missing since 2012 believed to have walked from Ontario to Brazil. Found wandering the rainforest 5 years after he disappeared.
China sends Trump 'high praise' after letter to Xi seeking 'constructive' relationship
Radiation levels discovered at crippled Fukushima plant too high for robot
Russia's Putin has not been invited to G7 summit - Italy
Brexit four times worse for UK economy than previously thought, say MIT economists
Trump promises Chinese president he'll honor 'One China' policy - President Trump told Chinese President Xi Jinping Thursday night that he will honor the One China policy that recognizes Beijing as the only legitimate Chinese government.
Eight countries sign up to counter Trump's global anti-abortion move
Julian Assange will be evicted from Ecuadorian embassy, presidential hopeful says
Over 300 whales die in mass stranding in New Zealand.
China to take fingerprints of all foreign travellers entering country.
Syrias Assad tells Yahoo News some refugees are 'definitely' terrorists
Russia calls Romania a 'clear threat' and Nato outpost for hosting US missile shield
Human Slaughterhouse: Amnesty International Says Up to 13,000 Hanged at Syrian Prison. Prisoners routinely beaten and forced to rape one another.
In his first call as president with Russian leader Vladimir Putin, Donald Trump denounced a treaty that caps U.S. and Russian deployment of nuclear warheads as a bad deal for the United States, according to two U.S. officials and one former U.S. official with knowledge of the call
More than 100 people have been reported killed, with schools, businesses closed and public transportation at a standstill, as a six-day strike by police in the Brazilian state shows no signs of abating.
This is not a Christian gesture: Pope Francis denounces walls while praising immigrants
Major evacuations in train stations across Sweden after multiple bomb threats
Peru's government proposes to legalise medical marijuana
US President Trump says he will respect one China policy in a phone call with China's president Xi Jinping
Explosion at Flamanville nuclear power plant, local media report
Shocking footage of dolphins being packaged into crates was taken in Indonesia by campaign group Jakarta Animal Aid Network (JAAN)
Suspected terror attack in Israel: At least 4 hurt in Petah Tikva shooting, stabbing - Israel News
All of Iceland's major volcanoes showing unusually high levels of activity.
The big melt: Global sea ice at record low | 100,000 square miles less than the previous January record low set just last year.
Russia calls Romania 'a clear threat' and NATO outpost: Ifax
Turkey fires 4,464 teachers, police in crackdown
A Canadian man who has been missing for five years has been found more than 10,460km away in the Amazon jungle.
UK Government accused of trying to kill off UK solar industry before it can become cheapest form of electricity - Official figures project solar will be less expensive than gas in the next few years, but a massive new tax hike could put that at risk
Argentina's president Mauricio Macri uses state funds to pay his family's $4.4B debt
Greens move to bar 'racist, xenophobic' Trump from visiting Australia
'Security alert in Brussels' after massive blackout plunges entire centre of EU capital into darkness
Over 100 dead in Brazil as police strike spurs anarchy
US President Donald Trump's wall won't deter migrants, says Mexican official
Japan to accept only 300 refugees over 5 years
Iran launches new missile just days after being hit by US sanctions over previous ballistic launch
Massive ice shelf break forces Antarctic researchers to evacuate
Le Pen: French Jews will have to give up Israeli citizenship
Cities in Brazil suffering from "purge-like" conditions as economic crisis worsens.
European terror attacks halted as German police arrest two known African Islamic extremists and Turkish cops seize four ISIS members with 24 suicide belts A 27-year-old Algerian and a 23-year-old Nigerian were arrested in dawn raids
Sweden's migrant chaos continues to rocket as nearly 100 asylum homes deliberately torched
Two US defense officials told CNN that there was an "unsafe" close encounter between a US Navy P-3 Orion aircraft and a Chinese surveillance aircraft Wednesday. One official said the Chinese plane was a People's Liberation Army Air Force KJ-200
Internet Backbone Provider Cogent Blocks Pirate Bay and other "Pirate" Sites
Panama raids Mossack Fonseca over Odebrecht bribery scandal
President Trump Phones Iraqi PM About Travel Ban - President Trump phoned Iraqi Prime Minister Haider Al-Abadi on Thursday night amid an increasingly strained bilateral relationship following Trumps executive order travel ban last month.
EU must kick coal habit by 2030 and the rest of the world by 2050 to meet Paris emissions targets, report says
Japan took in just 28 refugees in 2016, despite record applications
Hundreds of whales die in mass stranding on New Zealand beach
Trump reverses position, back's China's "One China" policy claim to Taiwan in a private call.
Ultra-nationalists have reportedly erected a swastika several meters high, despite the symbol being banned in Germany. Police in Bavaria have expressed worries about the rise of far-right crime in the region
Vladimir Putin calls snap Russia air-raid drill involving 45,000 troops and 150 aircraft
Trump endorses 'One China' policy in phone call with Xi Jinping
Buddhist monks in Myanmar protest arrival of a ship from Malaysia carrying aid for thousands of Rohingya people: "We want to let them know that we have no Rohingya here," a Buddhist monk said at the docks.
Russian hackers get burned in deal with Russia's spy agency
Trump backs 'One China' policy
Canada town feels burden of refugees crossing from US
The Eiffel Tower is to get a glass security wall in response to France's terror threat
Justin Trudeau and Donald Trump to meet Monday in Washington
Royal Air Force jets scramble to intercept Russian bombers circling UK and Ireland
At least five infected with HIV after dirty needles used at Chinese hospital
U.S., Chinese military planes in 'unsafe' encounter over disputed South China Sea
Eiffel Tower to be surrounded by bulletproof anti-terror glass wall | The wrought iron tower has been surrounded by metal fences since last year's European football championships. The new proposal is part of a 300 million euro upgrade of the aging structure
Exclusive - Trump border 'wall' to cost $21.6 billion, take 3.5 years to build: Homeland Security internal report
Israeli Arab beaten by passersby who mistook him for a terrorist
Eclipse, full moon and a comet to occur at the same time and light up the night sky in rare event - Comet 45P/Honda-Mrkos-Pajdukov  which blazes bright green with a huge purple tail  will be the headliner of a huge line-up
RAF Typhoon jets scrambled to intercept Russian bombers north of Scotland
Three injured in market attack near Tel Aviv
Trump backs One China policy in 'cordial' call with Xi - BBC News
Assad: Some refugees are "definitely" terrorists
Russian President Vladimir Putin has not been invited to this year's G7 summit of world leaders, Italian Prime Minister Paolo Gentiloni said
France fears that Russia is trying to push Marine Le Pen to victory
Residents Can Play Soccer Again In Mosul Without Islamic State Rules
Canadians want Trudeau to stand up to Trump, even if it leads to trade war: poll
Riots in France - a feeling of injustice: The violent arrest of a young black man has triggered several nights of riots in France.
The Purge in Brazil: Police strike in Espirito Santo leaves 100 dead amid anarchy
Armed forces take over Esprito Santo, Brazil; days after 'The Purge' became reality. 113 dead.
French Intelligence Agency Braces for Russian Bots to Back Le Pen
Whistleblower reveals passport fraud - Venezuela may have given passports to people with ties to terrorism.
China upgrades military infrastructure on South China Sea islands, report claims
National security adviser Flynn discussed sanctions with Russian ambassador, despite denials, officials say
China, U.S. Warplanes Had Unsafe South China Sea Encounter
Ecuador really can't wait for Julian Assange to move out of its embassy
New species of amoeba is named after a character in The Lord of the Rings
Rare Black-Maned Ethiopian Lion Caught on Video
Race to save 100 stranded whales on New Zealand beach
Top State Department Economist: US Sanctions In Russia Are Working Pretty Great
Violence erupts in South African parliament as opposition parties refuse to let president Zuma give his state of the nation address.
French nuclear power plant explosion: Blast at Flamanville station 'does not cause radioactive leak'
New EU rules will remove geoblocking so customers can use online subscription services, like Netflix, abroad
Dutch police say seize materials to make one billion Ecstasy pills
Endangered penguins hunting for fish in wrong place after climate change creates 'ecological trap' - Global warming is having different effects on different animals and plants so the tell-tales signs used by African penguins to find their prey no longer point in the right direction
Paris to Build Barrier Around Eiffel Tower to Counter Terrorism
Isis file reveals 'problem' foreign fighters are refusing to fight in Iraq - From sick notes to claims of martyr missions in Europe, the documents show jihadis are losing faith on the front line
CHIPS OFF THE TABLE Trump says US will honor 'one China' policy
Canada town feels burden of refugees crossing US border
Bullet-proof glass wall to be built around base of Eiffel Tower to protect against terrorists
S Australia's electricity market operator denies being asleep at the wheel during blackout: Another electricity shortage in Wednesday caused blackouts for 40,000 people. He admitted there was an error in the forecast.
Hungary plans to detain migrants in shipping containers | Budapest has said all migrants will be sent to detention centers while their asylum applications are pending. Prime Minister Orban admitted that this puts his country is in "open conflict" with the European Union
Common method of cooking rice can leave traces of arsenic in food, scientist warns
Travel ban ruling: judges refuse to reinstate Trump's order  live | US news
After Silence From Xi, Trump Endorses One China Policy
French nuclear plant fire comes amid industry turmoil
Paris to build 8-foot-high bulletproof glass wall around Eiffel Tower
Universal basic income 'useless', says Finland's biggest union
Power failure plunges parts of Brussels into darkness
China probes seven for graft in Xinjiang's restive deep south
Massive ice shelf break forces Antarctic researchers to evacuate
New Zealand men convicted of gay sex to have records wiped
Travel ban shuts out Yazidis despite their suffering at the hands of Isis
Paris shooting: Two dead after gunfire heard in city centre
Members of Rochdale grooming gang face deportation to Pakistan
Almost 90% of new power in Europe from renewable sources in 2016 - Wind energy overtakes coal as the EUs second largest form of power capacity but concerns remain over politicians enthusiasm for renewables
USFK Chief Hints at Preemptive Strikes Against N.Korean Missiles
US, Chinese Aircraft in 'Unsafe' Encounter Over S. China Sea
Indias Own Islamic State: How An Extremist Has Carved Out A Mini Islamic State In India's Bengal State
Hundreds of thousands rally in Iran against Trump, chant Death to America
Trump backs "One China" policy in call with China's Xi
Peru ex-president Alejandro Toledo faces arrest on bribery charges
Church laws deliberately misused to cover up sex claims: Royal Commission
Yemen's food crisis: 'We are broken, we die either from bombing or hunger'
The first comprehensive assessment of Europe's crickets and grasshoppers has found that more than a quarter of species are being driven to extinction.
Queensland heatwave could break hot weather records
Rio Olympic venues already falling into a state of disrepair
Global brand names inadvertently funding Neo-Nazi and Islamist extremist websites through online adverts
Elite Hamas fighters defecting to Islamic State
US visa applicants could be asked for Facebook passwords in Donald Trump border crackdown
US does not dare carry out attack on Iran: Ali Akbar Velayati, adviser to supreme leader, calls US efforts to halt Iran's missile programme 'worthless fantasies'.
Qatar spending $500m a week on World Cup infrastructure projects - BBC News
US univ invites Dalai Lama: Chinese media warns overseas Indians of consequences
Official: Military Force of UN Mission Will Likely Go Soon
Brexit will cause 'vanishingly small' fall in net migration - report - Reduction was a core wish of leave voters, but overall figure will probably fall by less than 15%, thinktank predicts
Instagram generation is fuelling UK food waste mountain, study finds - Research highlights generational divide in attitudes towards food as millennials focus on its appearance while buying too much
Poland wants nuclear weapons for Europe | Europe | DW.COM | 07.02.2017
Panama's Attorney General's Office ordered a search of offices of Mossack-Fonseca, a law firm it accuses of setting up offshore accounts, that allowed a Brazilian construction company to funnel bribes to various countries.
China moves to stop taking organs from prisoners: UN
Germanys new front-runner: The Schulz - In a zany political climate, the former president of the European Parliament sees his electoral fortunes rise
Trump speaks with Afghan leader, U.S. commander calls for more troops
New support for British spaceports
Former mayor of London renounces US citizenship due to US citizenship based taxation
Hezbollah supporters in Beirut hold rare protest against party decision
Mexico's big fears: Gas prices 1st, Trump 2nd
U.S., China military planes come inadvertently close over South China Sea
Over 400 pilot whales strand on Farewell Spit, New Zealand The Department of Conservation say 416 pilot whales stranded overnight
Malaysia, N.Korea sign MOU on cultural exchange
Over 100 dead in Brazil as police strike spurs anarchy
Archaeologists have found a cave that once housed Dead Sea scrolls in a cliff in the Judean desert - the first such discovery in over 60 years.
Royal Air Force jets scramble to intercept Russian bombers circling UK and Ireland
Russian hackers get burned in deal with Russia's spy agency
Trump Ready to Approve Blocked Arms Sales to Saudi Arabia and Bahrain
Germany warns the City over Brexit risk
China to take fingerprints of foreign visitors as security step
Abe hopes to avoid landing in rough in golf outing with Trump
Ghana presidential fleet 'missing 200 cars' - Ghana's new government is trying to track down more than 200 cars missing from the president's office, a government spokesman has said.
US sources indicate Trump to support two-state solution
Japan May Woo Trump with 700,000 U.S. Jobs and a $7 Billion Factory
China to start fingerprinting foreign visitors, Terrorists with fake ID documents one of concerns
US commander tells Congress: More troops needed in Afghanistan
Venezuela falls behind on oil-for-loan deals with China, Russia
Turkey detains 4 IS suspects, seizes 24 suicide attack belts
A rash of invisible, fileless malware is infecting banks around the globe
Thousands of blue jellyfish invade Australian shore
'Christianity theme park' in Mao Zedong's home province sparks outrage - Neo-Maoists express fury online over project in city of Changsha, regarded as Chinese communisms answer to Mecca
50,000 women in Germany have suffered genital mutilation: report
Scottish MPs whistle Ode to Joy during Brexit vote
Venezuela falls behind on oil-for-loan deals with China, Russia
BBC News: Material for billion ecstasy pills seized in Netherlands
Burn an American Flag? Some Iranians Are Saying No
Hundreds of thousands rally in Iran against Trump, chant "Death to America"
Trump denounced nuclear arms treaty in phone call with Putin  sources | World news
Bomb Threats Force Evacuation of Swedish Trains
Cardinal George Pell condemns anti-religious demands he return to Australian to face child abuse inquiry
Venezuela falls behind on oil-for-loan deals with China, Russia
Radical Islam on rise in Belgian mosques
Merkel forced to deny Germany planning to lead a European nuclear superpower
Trump to reaffirm security commitment to Japan PM
China, Russia dispatch warships for Pak naval drill in Arabian Sea: Initiated in 2007, the naval drill is held every two years. This time, the drill will see the participation of the navies of 12 countries
Japanese Prime Minister to Meet With Trump at White House, Mar-a-Lago
German Chancellor Angela Merkel is set to unveil plans to significantly increase deportations of failed asylum seekers.
Liberal MP's anti-Islamophobia motion set for debate next week (Canada)
Iraqi archbishop backs Trump travel ban, hopes for aid to Christians
L'Oreal looks to sell The Body Shop
Russia completes largest missile delivery to Syria ever
Latest Update US appeals court maintains suspension of Donald Trump's travel ban
Donald Trump loses court battle to reinstate travel ban
Apple 'optimistic' about post-Brexit UK
Netanyahu says Israel is indestructible with Chuck Norris supporting it
Golf diplomacy: Japan's Abe hopes for strokes of genius to seal Trump trade pact
Brazil army takes over state's security as 100 killed amid police strike
Khalid Sheik Mohammed Told Obama In Letter That 9/11 Was America's Fault
Devices collecting health data may betray your secrets
Brexiteers condemned for not backing 350m NHS amendment to EU withdrawal bill - Voters can now see very well that pro-Leave Tories made that pledge cynically, without ever thinking about how it might be achieved
Security barrier to be built to protect Eiffel Tower
French voters still want scandal-hit Fillon to step down from presidential race: poll
Inside the far-right Q Society's explosive dinner, where Muslims are fair game
Russia confirms its planes accidentally killed three Turkish soldiers in Syria - RIA
Lockheed Wants to Make F-16 in India, But Trump Team May Take 'Fresh Look'
Romanian Justice Minister resigns over controversial corruption reforms
MP tables motion of no confidence in John Bercow over Trump comments
Russia calls NATO moves in Baltics, Poland and Germany a threat
Russian Hackers Get Burned in Deal With Russia's Spy Agency
Tillerson meets with Mexico's foreign minister, will visit Mexico City
Fire Breaks Out at Samsung's Battery Factory
Police: Palestinian wounds 6 Israelis in attack near market
John Bercow no-confidence motion filed by Tory MP after Donald Trump state visit comments
President Putin apologises after Russian air strike accidentally kills three Turkish soldiers in Syria - BBC News
US minor admits Brussels airport cyber attack: prosecutors
Norwegian Star cruise ship breaks down 32km from Melbourne
Belarus extradites Israeli blogger to Azerbaijan
Turkey detains four Islamic State suspects, seizes 24 suicide attack belts
'Become a suicide bomber' posters appear across London
Race to save 100 stranded whales on New Zealand beach
Ghana presidential fleet 'missing 200 cars' - BBC News
Italians Commission Statue of Trump For Park of Honor and Dishonor
German doctor re-ignites debate after banning abortions in clinic
Russian airstrike against IS kills three Turkish soldiers in Syria
US idea to collect travelers' passwords alarms privacy experts
China to take fingerprints of all foreign travellers entering country
Brexit bill: MPs reject amendment to protect EU citizens in UK
MP tables motion of no confidence in John Bercow over Trump comments | Politics
South African lawmakers brawl during protest of president
Far-right German politician convicted for refugee shelter arson.
Apple iCloud Hoards 'Deleted' Browser History Going Back More Than A Year
Duterte admits only 2 out of 5 of his statements are true
British think tank funded by Japan pushing anti-China propaganda into mainstream UK media
Turkish-Backed Opposition Advance Against Islamic State in Al-Bab
A 12th cave containing Dead Sea Scrolls discovered.
Scottish Parliament Votes Against Brexit
Shell launches bid to leave massive, sludgy oil rig remnants in North Sea for 500 years - 'Oil and gas companies operating in the North Sea have a legal, as well as moral, obligation to clean-up their mess,' says leading environmentalist
Storms ensure continuing 'heatwave' in the Arctic: 30C above normal temperatures
Syrian regime violates ceasefire ahead of Geneva peace talks
U.S. secretary of state Rex Tillerson reaffirms Six Assurances to Taiwan
Donald Trump visit: Speaker Bercow faces no-confidence bid
Riots grip Paris suburbs after teen allegedly sodomized by cop
Pro-Russian Guerilla Commander Mikhail 'Givi' Tolstykh Assassinated in Donetsk
Putins Most Potent Foe Is Barred From Presidential Race
Syria war: Russian air strike kills Turkey soldiers - BBC News
Captured by Indian Police, spy pigeon escapes, flies towards neighbouring country
Canada foreign minister will oppose U.S. border tariffs
1,000 Muslims feared killed in Myanmar army crackdown
Japan took in just 28 refugees in 2016, despite record applications
More than 700 stage anti-government protest in Nigerian capital
Dont tax us or well tax you: Canada issues pre-emptive warning on U.S. tariff talk
Blackburn activist becomes first British woman to join fight against Isis in Syria
Ottawa warns Trump team of retaliation if border tariffs imposed
China's first vertical forest in Nanjing to include 1,100 trees and 2,500 shrubs
Kremlin says east Ukraine unlikely to be part of deal with Trump
New Zealand to quash historical gay sex convictions
China vice premier says falsifying economic data will be punished: Any officials found responsible for bogus statistics would face demerits, denying them promotion, Zhang said.
Support for Scottish independence rises after PM May goes for 'clean break Brexit'
Romanian justice minister quits after graft decree debacle
Israel raises alarm over fears Irish will recognize Palestine
Yemen denies reports it banned U.S. ground operations after raid killed women and children
China to Start Fingerprinting Foreign Visitors
Images reveal three more Japanese WWII shipwrecks torn apart for scrap
Disabled child refugees entry to UK through resettlement scheme suspended by Home Office - Move condemned as marking new low in Governments handling of crisis
Ecuador presidential hopeful promises to evict Julian Assange from embassy
Call for speedy elimination of all forms of terrorist activity in Middle East
International Red Cross Suspends Activities in Afghanistan
Cleaner Robot Pulled From Fukushima Reactor Due to Radiation
Explosion at the Flamanville plant: no nuclear risk
Bitcoin is tanking after Chinese exchanges block withdrawals
'Informal' network helping refuge seekers get to Manitoba, U.S. officials say
Students recreate 5,000-year-old Chinese beer recipe
Taiwan, Japan should deepen exchanges: vice president
Residents can play soccer again in Mosul, without IS rules
British PM Theresa May says Trump immigration order was 'wrong'
Nigeria Rescues Oil Tanker From High-Seas Pirates
U.S. VP Pence heralds 'new day' in relations with Turkey: Turkish PM's office
Bank, energy stocks lift Wall St indexes to record highs
A Striking New View of the Pacific Blob: To better understand the strange mass of warm water that appeared from 2013 to 2016, scientists are mapping it from space.
Russia opposition leader Navalny says Kremlin sabotaging his presidential bid
Israel to reprimand Belgium over Breaking the Silence
Trump's list of 'under-reported terrorist attacks' includes one from Australia that didn't happen
Hebrew University Archaeologists Find 12th Dead Sea Scrolls Cave
Syria war: Russian air strike kills Turkey soldiers -
Residents Can Play Soccer Again in Mosul, Without IS Rules
President Putin apologises after Russian air strike accidentally kills three Turkish soldiers in Syria, Turkey says
Belgium will organize a conference in March to support NGO's that fight for women's rights, family planning and sexual health all over the world.
France Reports Explosion at Nuclear Power Plant
A new national report states that Indias extensive mass surveillance project, the Centralised Monitoring System, is now online and will be fully operational by the first quarter of 2017
Map showing existing or planned border fences and controls in Europe
Russian opposition leader Navalny found guilty in retrial, unable to run for presidency in 2018
Greece hopeful of imminent EU debt deal despite German warning | World news
Members of Rochdale child sex grooming gang facing deportation to Pakistan
Now, Pakistan claims India building a secret nuclear city
The Russian representative in UN Kurds should take part in Geneva talks
2 Arrested in Central Germany on Suspicion of Plotting Attack
NATO allies lock in U.S. support for stand-off with Russia
North Korea defector says Kim Jong Un unlikely to denuclearize
Tanzania to press Germany for damages for colonial era 'atrocities'
Excavations on the storied Judean cliffside revealed a new Dead Sea Scrolls cave, full of scroll storage jars and other antiquities, the first such discovery in over 60 years.
Islamic State-linked group claims rocket attack on Israeli resort
More than 100 reported killed in Brazil as police strike continues for sixth day
North Korea could own up to 45 nuclear arms by 2020 owing to an anticipated rise in its reserves of plutonium and enriched uranium.
Paris to put up glass wall to protect Eiffel Tower
World's largest refugee camp avoids shutdown
NATO summit with Trump on May 25, Belgium says
Berlin's Labor Court has ruled that the city violated a teacher's rights by denying her a job. The woman had been told that she could not wear her headscarf while working because of an ideological neutrality law
Almost 90% of new power in Europe from renewable sources in 2016
France's Macron seen beating Le Pen in presidential runoff: polls
Dog Egg stolen at knifepoint in Sydney
Venezuela may have given passports to people with ties to terrorism
France nuclear power: Explosion rocks Flamanville plant
Barrage of rockets fired at Israel's Red Sea resort town of Eilat
Explosion reported at Flamanville Nuclear Power Plant in France
Agencies abuse Czech visa system in Ukraine to fuel booming illegal business
Workers at the world's largest copper mine, BHP Billiton's Escondida in Chile, are vowing to launch a "long and hard" strike Thursday for pay increases, causing jitters on world markets. Escondida, a giant mine complex in the Atacama desert, produces about five percent of global copper output
Russian Airstrike in Syria Kills 3 Turkish Soldiers
Visitors to the U.S. may have to hand over social media passwords
Russian airstrikes accidentally kill three Turkish soldiers
Two of China's Biggest Exchanges Stop Bitcoin Withdrawals
Deadly disease outbreak cause links back to commercial breeding of piglets
Russian air strike kills Turkey soldiers
U.N. considering removing military peacekeepers from Haiti
More than 1,000 Rohingya feared killed in Myanmar crackdown, say UN officials
Quinoa genome could see 'super-food' prices tumble - BBC News
Israel apologizes for detaining Jewish American non-profit executive at airport
More than half of all new jobs created in the E.U. since 2010 have been as temp work.
ISIS claims responsibility for rocket attack in Israel
Putin sends condolences after airstrike kills 3 Turkish soldiers
Russian airstrike kills 3 Turkish soldiers in northern Syria
France's scandal-hit Fillon calls for inquiry to be dropped
Australia, China vow to deepen ties on trade
The head of Deutsche Bank Israel was arrested on suspicion of tax evasion amounting to tens of millions of shekels.
Only on AP: Norway to win most medals at Winter Olympics
Romania justice minister resigns over anti-corruption protests
UN: China takes steps to stop taking organs from prisoners
French nuclear power plant explosion: 'Several injured' after blast in Flamanville
US archbishop visits Vietnam to show countrys Catholics they are not forgotten | CatholicHerald.co.uk
Fraud investigations involving UK foreign aid have quadrupled over five years as more public money is given to fragile countries, a government spending watchdog has found.
Germany wants G20 to keep language on trade, currencies, climate: sources
U.S. strike kills top al-Qaeda leader in Syria
Islamic State claims Eilat rocket attack, threatens more
Donald Trump's state visit to UK will occur 'around June', London police chief says
Amnesty releases report on Muzaffarnagar gangrape survivors
El Chapo's sons wounded in cartel attack: Report
German authorities have arrested a suspected member of Afghanistan's Taliban who is accused of taking part in an attack in which an American soldier was killed.
Syria rebel fire kills three in Red Crescent centre: monitor
Mother of murdered backpacker condemns Trump for including Queensland attack on terror list
Turkish military: 3 Turkish soldiers accidently killed in Russian airstrike in northern Syria
Explosion reported at Flamanville Nuclear power plant in France
NATO allies lock in U.S. support for stand-off with Russia
Somalia elects first new president in decades
UK foreign minister no longer has U.S. citizenship
Impeached S. Korea Leader Cancels Questioning Over Scandal
Visitors to the U.S. may have to hand over social media passwords
Russian President Vladimir Putin and his Turkish counterpart Tayyip Erdogan agreed in a phone call on Thursday to step up military coordination against Islamic State in Syria, the Kremlin said in a statement
Explosion Hits Nuclear Power Station In Northwest France
Burn an American Flag? Some Iranians Saying No
First-born children are smarter than their siblings, reveals research
Hamas Brutally Assaults Shi'ite Worshippers in Gaza - Haaretz
'Intoxications' after blast at French nuclear power plant
New Dead Sea Scroll cave found near Qumran, but scrolls are gone
New Dead Sea Scrolls cave discovered
Disruptions at top two copper mines threaten global supply
British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson gives up US citizenship
Julian Assange will be evicted from Ecuadorian embassy, presidential hopeful says
Red Cross suspends Afghanistan operations after six aid workers killed
Glass wall to be erected to protect Eiffel Tower
A CNN investigation reveals that Venezuela for years may have issued passports to people with ties to terrorism.
Kenyan closure of Dadaab refugee camp blocked by high court
China's response to THAAD does not warrant South Korean action: minister
3 Turkish soldiers accidentally killed in Russian airstrike in Syria, Moscow confirms
Trump breaks ice with China's Xi in letter seeking 'constructive' ties
China to dominate global economy by 2050, US to fall behind India, Russia to top Europe  PwC
Afghan Red Cross pauses aid after 'despicable' attack
Germany's trade surplus sets new record - "Berlin... (is exploiting)... a "grossly undervalued" euro to its advantage" - "The record surplus will continue to fuel the conflict with the USA and within the EU"
Marine Le Pen: Either the EU changes or it will die
Meet Aisha, a former antelope hunter who now tracks Boko Haram
Yemen Withdraws Permissions for U.S. Ground Operations
4 Danish teens arrested after 'setting Afghan boy on fire'
UK Government backtracks on pledge to take Syrian child refugees - David Cameron promised 3,000 Syrian refugee children would be allowed to settle in the UK
Chinese hospital infects five with HIV by reusing equipment.
Boris Johnson, British Foreign Secretary, Drops Dual U.S. Citizenship
Japan's Abe to propose new cabinet level talks with United States: government official
A Russian court on Wednesday found opposition leader Alexei Navalny guilty in the retrial of a 2013 fraud case, which formally disqualifies him as a candidate for president next year.
Austria 'preparing to send troops to protect EU borders' against refugees
PLA 'does not want war', but is not afraid of one
Pope Francis issues thinly veiled rebuke of Donald Trump's Mexico border wall
Justin Trudeau canvasses world leaders before visit to Trump White House. The Canada prime minister has discussed Donald Trump with Britains Theresa May and Frances Franois Hollande as he prepares for a trip to Washington
Trump Wrote Xi a Letter and China Is Happy
Polish Official Highlights Security, Russian Aggression
The Latest: Hungary to Put Refugees in Border Container Camp
India Denies Pakistan Claim of Building Secret Nuclear City
Massive explosion rocks chemical plant in east China
Staff offered skin implant to sign into work | Euronews
German Exports Hit New High in 2016, Trade Surplus Widens
Its Not A Matter Of Law, But Of Counter-Measures
Explosion at Flamanville nuclear plant in northern France | Environment
China warns US to brush up on its history over disputed South China Sea
Wife of hospitalized Putin critic: My husband was poisoned
French President visits 'police rape victim' | Euronews
Shanty town fire in Philippines leaves 15,000 homeless
Burmese government 'killed more than 1,000 Rohingya Muslims' in crackdown
Powerful Atlantic Storm To Send Arctic Temperatures 50 Degrees Above Average (Again)
Inquiry over Met police intelligence unit claimed to have destroyed files
Hebrew University archaeologists find 12th Dead Sea Scrolls cave
Russia's leading opposition leader, Alexei Navalny, has been found guilty of embezzlement
Dakota Access Pipeline: ETP firm to resume work immediately
Chinese diplomat confirmes Putin expected to take part in Silk Road Forum
Moscow mediates talks between Assad &amp; Syrian Kurds  Russian FM
India has shut the gate on the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation on a critical national health mission, and possible conflict of interest issues arising from the foundations ties with pharmaceutical companies is one of the reasons.
Indian textbook asks students to kill a kitten for an experiment
South China Sea: 'There cannot be' conflict between US and China, Foreign Minister warns
Radiation at Japan's Fukushima Reactor Is Now at 'Unimaginable' Levels
Most Europeans want immigration ban from Muslim-majority countries, poll reveals
Carlos Slim to launch a made in Mexico electric vehicle
Red Cross suspends Afghanistan operations after six aid workers killed
Ukraine conflict: Rebel leader Givi dies in rocket attack
Trump's travel ban finds fans in Europe
Chaos rules as the military police of the Brazilian state of Esprito Santo strikes; at least 70 dead since Sunday
People smuggler 'wanted to help' Filipinos - By the time Iluminada Panabe was convicted of human smuggling, police estimated 800 Filipinos had gained illegal entry to Europe.
Great Barrier Reef : Coal spillage in heritage protected area so widespread it is washing onto local beaches.
Kenyan court quashes government order to close refugee camp | World news
US official: Iran fires defensive missile
Iron Dome successfully intercepts 3 rockets from Israel, 1 falls in open area
Trump breaks ice with China in letter to Xi Jinping, his first direct approach to the Chinese leader
Turkish-backed Syrian opposition fighters resumed a major offensive inside the Islamic State-held city of al-Bab on Thursday, a day after they broke through IS defenses in its remaining stronghold in Aleppo province
UK Jeremy Corbyn accuses BBC of reporting 'fake news' when challenged on resignation rumours - 'Im really surprised the BBC is reporting fake news. There is no news,' says Labour leader
Italy to ramp up migrant deportations: minister
Australian Immigration Minister seeks 'Trump-like' powers to target visa-holders from certain nations
Aretha Franklin announces retirement
Philippines Recognizes Bitcoin as Payment System
Putin critic ill after suspected poisoning
Trump Calls World Leaders... But China's Xi Gets a Letter
Women IDF supporters to visit Israel
Australia says minor tweaking can salvage TPP without the US
US visitors may have to reveal social media passwords to enter country
The UN appealed for $2.1 billion to provide desperately needed aid to millions of people in war-ravaged Yemen this year, warning the country could soon face famine.
New Zealand Men Convicted of Gay Sex to Have Records Wiped
Burn an American Flag? Some Iranians Are Saying No
Venezuela may have given passports to people with ties to terrorism
Dadaab: Kenyan court blocks closure of world's largest refugee camp
Merkel Hopes to Step up Germany's Migrant Deportations
India has built 'secret nuclear city', claims Pakistan
Schools close, hospitals swell as influenza spikes | The Japan Times
Tory MPs just blocked a bid to reveal if Brexit will give the NHS 350m pounds a week
Countdown: Bitcoin Will Be a Legal Method of Payment in Japan in Two Months
China's Government may ban under-18s from playing video games late at night
Images reveal three more Japanese WWII shipwrecks torn apart for scrap.
Yemeni rockets kill scores of Saudi-backed militias in Mokha
Russia blocks porn site Brazzers over claims it is damaging to the 'human psyche'
Highly-trained Hamas commandos head to Egypt to team-up with terror group ISIS
Toronto man, missing for 5 years, found wandering on Brazilian highway
Dramatic explosion at Chinese chemical plant causes injuries
Brexit bill clears House of Commons, Labour MP steps down
The blogger jailed for visiting a country that 'doesn't exist'
Guatemala arrests Supreme Court judge in corruption probe
In French bellwether city, scandal deepens election uncertainty
House of Commons approves Brexit bill
Vladimir Putin signs controversial law partially decriminalising domestic abuse in Russia
Iran fires another missile from launch pad, US official says
Donald Trump keeps China on hold with letter but no phone call for Xi Jinping | US news
Venezuela may have given passports to people with ties to terrorism - CNN.com
Dismissed Turkish professor says ongoing crackdown 'a political purge'
U.S. officials stopped screening refugees for potential resettlement in the United States this week but will return to the Pacific atoll of Nauru to continue working toward a deal that President Donald Trump has condemned as "dumb," an Australian minister said Thursday
Jordanian activists released after spy agency crackdown
US Visitors May Have To Hand Over Social Media Passwords
Activists Plan Emergency Actions Across the Country to Protest Approval of Dakota Access Pipeline
Yemen conflict: UN launches $2.1bn aid appeal amid famine threat - BBC News
At least 20 people have been killed in a suicide bombing at the Afghan Supreme Court in Kabul, officials say. Another 45 people were injured. The number of casualties is expected to rise.
On Tuesday, China blocked a proposal by the United States to designate Jaish-e-Muhammad (JeM) chief Masood Azhar a global terrorist. The US move at the United Nations Security Council was backed by the United Kingdom and France in an apparent show of support for India
Challenging times ahead for Singapore's water security
Fukushima's radiation reaches 'unimaginable' levels
Isis claims it attacked Israeli port of Eilat with rockets launched from Egypt
At least 19m paid to informants by police forces over five years
Pope Francis Denounces Evil of Widespread Anti-Semitism
Organs from prisoners probably still harvested in China, says official
Pope Francis reveals how he shrugs off stress: 'I'm not on tranquilisers'
Out of pocket, Italians fall out of love with the euro
Breakfast cereals targeted at children contain 'steadily high' sugar levels since 1992 despite producer claims - The sugar content in some cereals is as high as 35 per cent of the total product - unchanged from levels seen over 20 years ago
Syrian President: Trumps pledge to fight terror promising
Toronto man with mental health problems, missing for 5 years, found wandering in Brazil
Plague of Locusts Leads Bolivia to Issue State of Emergency
Pope says 'at peace' confronting Vatican corruption, sex abuse
US says it killed bin Laden-era al Qaeda leader in Syria
Russian Court Blocks Putin Critic Aleksei Navalny From Presidential Run
Brazil court says Rio governor should step down over campaign financing
Uk MPs have approved the bill giving Theresa May permission to trigger Brexit. The European Union (Notification of Withdrawal) Bill passed by 494 votes to 122 - a majority of 372.
Israeli Military Shoots Down Rockets Fired From Egypt
ISIS claims responsibility for Eilat rockets
University research into IS women was carried out by IS sympathiser
North Korea is flouting sanctions, the UN Panel of Experts reports
Goldman Sachs hedge fund folding London operations, shifting staff to U.S.
Indonesia Military Accepts Australian Apology for Insult
Chinese foreign minister: In a fight between China and the US 'both sides will lose and both sides cannot afford that'
U.S. commander: Mosul, Raqqa should be retaken from Islamic State in 6 months
More than 1,000 feared killed in Myanmar army crackdown on Rohingya
Boris Johnson, British Foreign Secretary, Drops Dual U.S. Citizenship
A wind turbine on every street light.
Germany Wary of Russian Propaganda Campaign, Lacks Proof
US queries PayPal in money laundering probe - France 24
IDF retaliates after Syrian mortar lands in Golan Heights
Australia Catholic Church faces six decades of child-abuse allegations
Aleksei Navalny, Viable Putin Rival, Is Barred From a Presidential Run
Scientists find cure for Ebola: Horse antibodies.
Kosovo Intelligence Chief's Indictment Suddenly Withdrawn
Russia opposition leader Navalny says Kremlin sabotaging his presidential bid
Flies are spreading antibiotic resistance from farms to people
NZ Government to quash historic gay sex convictions
Trump breaks ice with China's Xi in letter seeking 'constructive' ties
Anonymous take down huge chuck of the Darkweb
German Chancellor Merkel 'working to hold the EU together' - German Chancellor Angela Merkel has changed course and is now advocating a Europe of "two speeds." Her goal is to save the European project. Many do not agree with her means to the end.
Duterte echoes Trump: Media is 'dishonest'
Turkey sacks 4500 more government employees in latest purge, includes 330 academic personnel.
Explosion on Paris metro as smoke fills station
Jerusalem gallery shuttered after government demands cancellation of anti-occupation group event
Erdogan, Trump agree to act jointly against Islamic State in Syria: Turkish sources
Yemenis dying either from Saudi bombing or hunger: Local
New Zealand government to quash historic gay sex convictions
China makes progress on construction of second aircraft carrier
Canadian woman turned away from US border after questions about religion, Trump
Massive ancient undersea landslide discovered off Great Barrier Reef
A New Google Doodle Commemorates Samba Star Carmen Miranda
Flooding, mudslides, some school closures expected in North Bay
Plague of locusts leads Bolivia to issue state of emergency
Bahrain Arrests Fugitives It Says Were Attempting to Flee
12th Dead Sea Scrolls cave discovered in Israel
Six Red Cross members killed in Afghanistan leading to ICRC suspending its aid activities in Afghanistan
Trump's sanctions won't stop Iranian oil
New-to-Japan F-35B Lightning II stealth fighters make first flights around Okinawa
A record 128.1 billion cyberattacks against networks in Japan were detected in 2016, more than double the previous year, according to a recent survey by a public research institute.
Police strike plunges Brazil state into lawlessness -- The state of Espirito Santo has seen dozens of murders and hundreds of robberies in just a few days.
Brexit Bill Passed by Lower House of Parliament, Heads to Lords
UK to end 'Dubs' scheme to resettle refugee children
AP Top News Former prime minister wins Somalia's presidential vote
Equatorial Guinea government moves to new city in rainforest
Authorities in the Brazilian state of Esprito Santo have requested more federal troops to stem a crime wave, amid an ongoing police strike that in five days has led to more than 80 reported deaths.
UK's House of Commons Passes Bill Authorizing Brexit
Govt introduces new Google tax laws
'Several Injured' After 'Explosion' At French Nuclear Plant
Terror Watchdog Warns of Growing Radicalism In Belgian Mosques
Scottish government set to demand legal right to new independence referendum: newspaper
Trump breaks ice with China's Xi in letter
A Brazilian electoral court has ruled that the governor of Rio de Janeiro state and his deputy should step down for awarding contracts in exchange for campaign donations
We thank Trump for exposing the reality of the U.S.: Ayatollah Khamenei
Hydrogen Mobility Europe (H2ME) deploys its first 100 zero-emission vehicles across Europe
Man files $45 million lawsuit against Uber for revealing his infidelity
Beijing to hold events marking KMT Taiwan February 28 massacre, but some see ulterior motive
Russia Blocks Porn Site Brazzers for 'Damaging Human Psyche'
U.N. needs $2.1 billion to avert famine in Yemen
Russia detains nine hackers over USD 17 million bank thefts
Warning of famine, UN asks for $2.1 billion in aid for war-ravaged Yemen
Russia opposition leader Navalny says Kremlin sabotaging his presidential bid
Kremlin critic gets five-year suspended sentence in retrial, which bars him from running for president in next election.
Part of Paris metro disrupted by electrical fault, smoke -police
U.S. debt, gold, gain favor as investors seek safety
UK Government accused of kicking UN concerns about austerity into the long grass - In a letter to the Equality and Human Rights Commission, Justice Minister Oliver Weald rejects UN concerns that welfare reform is worsening inequality in the UK
Death toll now 75 in Espirito Santo, Brazil as lawlessness chaos ensues
Dutch far-right politician Geert Wilders tweets photoshopped, fake picture of his political rival surrounded by radical Islamists holding up signs such as "Shariah for the Netherlands"
MPs reject Brexit bill amendment to protect EU citizens in UK
Pope issues stinging criticism of Myanmar's treatment of Rohingya
Turkey sacks 4,400 more civil servants, including teachers and police
Italian Populist Salvini Seeks Alliance With Trump Administration
Hamas says two killed in 'Israeli attack' on underground tunnel
Dutch Pirate Party: The Powers That Be Aren't Too Welcoming of Bitcoin
Britain's House of Commons Approves Brexit Talks
Trump presidency heralds new era of closer ties with Egypt
Human rights groups file suit against Israel settlement law
Injuries reported after 'explosion' and fire on Paris metro
India to take part in Russia-organised Afghan meet mid-February in Moscow
Donald Trump: I dont know Putin, have no deals in Russia, and the haters are going crazy
MPs back Brexit bill - BBC News
Brazil's Jailed Ex-Speaker Submits Evidence of Aneurism
Russia deploys air defense missiles for massive drills
Pakistan police accept 12-year-old Christian girl was murdered
Dozens of passengers evacuated from station in Paris
Indonesia accepts Australian apology and promise of punishment over offensive material
Labour bid to protect EU citizens' rights after Brexit rejected by MPs - EU CITIZENS living in the UK have been left in limbo after MPs voted against a bid to guarantee their rights to stay post-Brexit.
China halts construction at major Lotte project amid THAAD tension
More refugees entered Uganda last year than crossed the Mediterranean
Philippines seeks US, China help to combat sea pirates
Russian Police Arrest 9 Hacking Suspects
Yemen Backtracks on Suspending U.S. Raids After Civilian Casualties
Yemen Backtracks on Suspending U.S. Raids After Civilian Casualties
Boris Johnson, British Foreign Secretary, Drops Dual U.S. Citizenship
British Ministers refused to stop bomb sales to Saudi Arabia despite being told to do so by own export control chief
Western Australian dolphins using blowfish to get high
EU wants to agree formula for Britain's exit bill, not final amount
Alexei Navalny: Russian opposition leader found guilty - BBC News
Statue wars reveal contested history of Japan's 'comfort women'
Archaeologists Find New Dead Sea Cave
Extreme Chilean Wildfires Worst in Decades
Israeli groups sue to stop settlement legalization law
China says Indian bid to ban terrorist Masood Azhar lacks consensus
Justin Trudeaus Bahamas vacation: 2nd request for ethics investigation sent to watchdog - National
Rolf Harris found not guilty of three sex offences, jury fails to deliver verdict on remaining four
Faulty Batteries Cause Fire at Samsung Battery Plant (Feb. 8th, 2017)
Qatar Spending $500 Million a Week on World Cup | VICE Sports
Pokemon Go invades South Korea, and US forces are ready for it
China central bank warns bitcoin exchanges on money laundering
A new terror assessment report from the Danish Security and Intelligence Service (PET) warns that fake news and misinformation online could spur mentally unstable individuals to carry out violent attacks.
More paint brushes suspected to have pig bristles seized
Monetary Policy Committee Meeting: Rates unchanged; stance shifts from accommodative to neutral
Buddhist monk arrested in Myanmar with more than four million methamphetamine pills
British lawmakers give May green light to launch Brexit negotiations
German intelligence 'finds no evidence of Putin disinformation campaign' | Germany's secret services have found little evidence that the Kremlin is directly trying to manipulate the country's public opinion. But the leaked government report suggests that indirect methods may be at work
Ancient undersea landslide discovered in Australia
Syria claims Israel bombed residential building in Quneitra
Non-halal tags added to avoid brush with the law - Nation | The Star Online
Yemen Denies 'Fake News' That It Withdrew Permission For US Ground Operations
Stop Israelis from these crimes: Palestine demands international action over settlements law
TASS: Russian Politics &amp; Diplomacy - THAAD in South Korea poses direct threat to Russian security, ambassador says
In First Call with Erdogan, Trump Stresses Close Relationship with Turkey
Fighting in Karabakh: Azerbaijani army prevents Armenian diversion
Hungarian mayor seeks to ban Muslims and gay people from his village
Japan ranks as 2nd-biggest country for U.S. trade deficit - Japan was the second-largest contributor to the United States goods trade deficit in 2016 following China, rising from the previous years third place and overtaking Germany, U.S. trade data showed Tuesday.
Abdullahi Mohammed Farmaajo declared Somalia president
Israeli Allies Criticize Legalization of Thousands of West Bank Settlements. "I do believe that our right over our fatherland is something that cannot be denied." says Israeli Cabinet Minister
Somalis celebrate 'new dawn' after presidential election win
Google and Facebook partner for anti-fake news drive during French election
Violence spreads in Paris suburbs after police rape accusation
UK house raided in German Fateh al-Sham jihadists investigation
Suspect in Louvre attack says he did not get orders from Islamic state
Syrian jets carry out deadly strikes on rebel-held Homs district
El Salvador arrests TV-radio host, 27 others in drugs case
Europe urged to offer migrants work to cut Mediterranean deaths.
Romanian government survives no-confidence motion over graft debacle
North Korea defector in Russia about to be deported, facing death or forced labour sentence
Vladimir Putin orders Russian air force to prepare for 'time of war'
Yemen Withdraws Permission for U.S. Antiterror Ground Missions
UKs House of Commons passes bill authorizing Brexit
Suicide Bomber says Boko Haram paid her less than $1 to detonate bomb
Canada records highest population growth rate in G7
Robots 'could replace 250,000 UK public sector workers' - Reform thinktank says sector could be the next Uber and staff should embrace the gig economy amid rise in automation.
Jeremy Corbyn says Speaker John Bercow is 'absolutely right' to ban Donald Trump from Parliament
First Vertical Forest In Asia To Have Over 3,000 Plants And Turns CO2 Into 132 Pounds Of Oxygen Per Day
Taiwan Hits Record Tourist Numbers Despite Plunge in Chinese
Husband saves suicidal wife from jumping off building by grabbing her ponytail at the last second
Pope Francis: Christians must be living signs of hope
French presidency to hold top-level meeting on Russian hacking: report
SA troops 'to keep order' in parliament
Poll shows support for Scottish independence rising: Herald Scotland
Fukushima nuclear reactor radiation at highest level since 2011 meltdown
Don't build walls, Pope Francis says
Separatist Commander 'Givi' Killed In Eastern Ukraine
Skeletons of London's past exposed in rail line dig - Artefacts revealing 8,000 years of human history in London are going on show on Friday after being unearthed during the city's giant underground railway project.
Alexei Navalny: Russian Court Convicts Main Opposition Leader
Islamic State suspected of killing six Afghan Red Cross workers: officials
The Latest: EU Nations Took 12,000 Refugees From 160K Plan
Yemen Will Ban U.S. Ground Missions After Last Week's Deadly Raid, Report Says
Refugees crossing into Canada from US on foot despite freezing temperatures
Aleksei Navalny, a Putin Critic, Is Barred From a Presidential Run
Syria conflict: Thousands hanged at Saydnaya prison, Amnesty says - As many as 13,000 people, most of them civilian opposition supporters, have been executed in secret at a prison in Syria, Amnesty International says.
Brazil troops patrol city of Vitoria hit by police strike - BBC News
China may still be using executed prisoners' organs, official admits
No case for relaxation of Russia sanctions, Boris Johnson to tell EU
Child migrants: UK to end 'Dubs amendment' commitment
Six Red Cross workers in Afghanistan are shot dead in ambush
More than 1,000 Rohingya Muslims may have been killed in a Myanmar army crackdown, according to two senior United Nations officials dealing with refugees fleeing the violence, suggesting the death toll has been a far greater than previously reported.
Brexit vote: Theresa May wins Commons approval to trigger Article 50 as Labour's Clive Lewis resigns
Mogadishu on lockdown as Somali MPs elect president
Astronauts Brains Change Shape After Space Missions
Call for accurate statistics in China
U.K. aid package would redirect refugees to Asia, Latin America
A Crack in an Antarctic Ice Shelf Grew 17 Miles in the Last Two Months
Women in Argentina go topless in protest over right to sunbathe semi-nude
Strange anomaly in the Earths magnetic field could signal a pole reversal
Chaos Swells Amid Police Strike in Brazil State
Reports Reveal Beijing To Cut Coal Use By 30% In 2017
Russian opposition leader Alexei Navalny ruled guilty, barring him from 2018 race
ICRC: Six Red Cross aid workers killed in Afghanistan
Thousands of Chile's poorest displaced in wildfires
Japanese mission to clear up space junk ends in failure - Japans space agency, JAXA, has confirmed the failure of a mission intended to test technology for clearing up debris in space. The Kounotori 6 cargo transporter returned to Earth and burned up in the atmosphere.
By banning Taiwans flag, Cambodia adds to Taipeis woes with Beijing - Cross-strait ties are expected to take another hit after Cambodia banned the raising of the Taiwanese national flag in the Southeast Asian nation.
The Navy SEAL raid in Yemen last week had a secret objective  the head of al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula, who survived and is now taunting President Donald Trump in an audio message.
The United States has stripped Oleh Liashko, leader of the Radical Party fraction in the Ukrainian Parlament, of his American visa
China says United States should 'brush up on' South China Sea history
Police on strike in Esprito Santo, Brazil. With no police, cities have turned into wild west style chaos with dozens of murders and widespread looting.
US tones down bellicose talk on South China Sea
Netanyahu orders reprimand of Belgian ambassador
BBC News: Alexei Navalny: Russian opposition leader 'found guilty'
China, India to Overtake U.S. Economy by 2050
Whistleblower Accuses Venezuela of Issuing Passports to Terrorists
Tesla to launch in India this summer, tweets CEO Elon Musk
Grand Island, NY, resident is elected President of Somalia
European Parliaments lead Brexit negotiator warns European Union could 'disappear' - Guy Verhofstadt says that now is 'an existential moment for the European Union'
Trump may add Iran's Revolutionary Guard to terror list
Mongolia's capital is blanketed in toxic smog
Alexei Navalny: Russian opposition leader found guilty
Somali-U.S. citizen Mohamed Abdullahi Farmajo wins milestone election despite violence, corruption and bribery
Ukrainian parlament calls on foreign parliaments to condemn Russia's deliberate destruction of Avdiivka
Donald Trump's stance on nuclear weapons remains unclear, but as two Nobel Prize-winning nuclear experts argue, he's potentially the best world leader to abolish them - Quartz
'The aim is to weaken the West': The inside story of how Russian propagandists are waging war on Europe
Israel edges out South Korea for top spot in research investment. Two countries vie to invest more of their economy into research than anyone else.
Turkey dismisses 4,400 public servants in latest post-coup attempt purge
The death of more than 2,000 critically endangered Saiga antelope in Mongolia was caused by a disease that could now threaten the entire population
Myanmar's security forces have committed mass killings and gang rapes of Rohingya Muslims
Elite Hamas fighters defecting to Islamic State
Rolf Harris trial: Ex-TV star cleared of sex assault charges - BBC News
Airstrikes on rebel-held Syrian district kill 9 civilians
Anti-corruption bus tours hit the streets in Mexico
Baby born from 16-year-old frozen embryo
Colombia and ELN in talks to end 52 years of war
Pakistani military leaders support terrorist groups that attack India, while routing those that attack Pakistan, says a report by Hussain Haqqani
Six Afghan Red Cross Workers Killed by Suspected ISIL Militants
Canada raises alert on fraudulent Chinese visas
Lebanon: High-profile Daesh commander killed in clashes near Syrian border
A married teenage couple have been charged with planning to carry out a terror attack in Sydney. Sameh Bayda and Alo-Bridget Namoa, both 19, are accused of "conspiracy to do an act, or acts in preparation for, or planning, a terrorist act or acts".
Rolf Harris could be free in just months as he's cleared of three sex charges
Aleksei Navalny, a Putin Critic, Is Barred From a Presidential Run
European Union has supported ISIS 'from the very beginning', claims Syrian president Bashar al-Assad
Germany's intelligence agencies find no evidence of Russian interference
White House weighs designating Iran's Revolutionary Guard a terrorist group
Call to block Trump from addressing British Parliament stirs controversy
Australian Prime Minister calls opposition leader 'sycophant', 'parasite' during heated Question Time exchange
Several injured after train incident at train station in East London
Chinas Nuclear Power Capacity Set to Overtake U.S. Within Decade
Marine Le Pen: French Jews should sacrifice yarmulke in struggle against radical Islam
Russia Warns Other States Against Interfering in South China Sea Dispute
Qatar spending $500m a week on World Cup infrastructure projects
Chinese Submarines Are Indian Navy's New Focus In Massive Exercise Off Goa
Turkish Officials: CIA Director Mike Pompeo to Visit Turkey on Thursday to Discuss Security Issues
Pope Francis defends right of Burmas Rohingya Muslims to live their faith
'Conditions' not yet met: China blocks US move to ban Masood Azhar
The Netherlands Keeps Closing Prisons Because It Doesn't Have Enough Prisoners
As Trump Weighs Thaw With Putin, EU Set to Renew Its Blacklist
'Bored' RAF pilot sent 187 passengers into a nosedive
PLO calls for halt of security cooperation with Israel
Pakistan military supports terror groups against India: Report
Putin foe found guilty in retrial, threatening 2018 presidential run
US and Turkey to 'work together' to fight Isis in Syria - Two leaders discuss future strategies in the complex Syrian civil war, including safe zones for civilians, in late night phone call
Turkey Sacks 4,400 More Civil Servants
Marine Le Pen backs Vladimir Putin and denies invasion of Crimea
Public Putin critic found guilty of a serious crime, barring him from running in 2018
Body cameras on trial in English schools
UN: 120,000 Nigerians Likely Face Boko Haram-Created Famine
Duterte calls ex-Colombian president idiot for comment on drug war
Syrian rebels and Turkish forces close in on 'IS' town of al-Bab - Syrian rebels and Turkish forces have taken control of hills around the "IS"-controlled town of al-Bab in Syria. Presidents Trump and Erdogan meanwhile spoke by phone, a possible sign of improving US-Turkey relations
German intelligence finds no evidence of Russian meddling
Yemen requests no US ground missions without approval after raid
"This is the future of repression. If we do not fight it there, it will happen here." Edward Snowden on Cameroon blackout.
Denmark leads European push for womens rights to counter Trumps global gag rule
The blogger jailed for visiting a country that 'doesn't exist'
Scientists Measure Highest Radiation Levels Yet Inside Fukushima's Damaged Reactors - The latest measurements are over seven times the previously measured highenough to fry a robot in two hours.
Dozens of topless women, joined by hundreds of fully clothed protesters, have demonstrated in Buenos Aires to demand the right to sunbathe semi-nude after police asked bare-breasted women to leave a nearby beach.
Merkel to present program to speed up deportation of failed asylum seekers  reports
A Russian Court Has Found Opposition Leader Alexei Navalny Guilty in the Retrial of a 2013 Fraud Case
China prepares for conflict with USA
Nearly two-dozen refugees walk over Canadian border from U.S.
South Korea's president is expected to face prosecutors in coming days
'It was a big media event': tube attack victim on being on Trump's 'terror' list | US news
Kremlin is ready to wait 6 years for an apology from Fox News journalist Bill O'Reilly for calling Putin a 'killer'
David Cameron's mother has won an award for campaigning against cuts his government brought in - Mary Cameron signed a petition opposed to the closure of a local children's centre
The death of more than 2,000 critically endangered Saiga antelope in Mongolia was caused by a disease that could now threaten the entire population. Wildlife Conservation Society (WCS) scientists, who work in the affected grassland area of Western Mongolia, say the disease originated in livestock.
Donald Trump and Vladimir Putin 'trying to redraw the map of Europe', former French PM warns
US move for a UN ban on Jaish-e-Mohammed chief Masood Azhar blocked again by China : World, News
European university professor sentenced to death in Iran for espionage
Rolf Harris trial: Singer cleared of three charges
Chinese family of 500 takes rare photo at reunion - BBC News
New Hamas music video threatens to rain down rockets on Israel
Socialite Tara Palmer-Tomkinson found dead
Hamas promises Israelis swift demise  in rhyme
President Bashar al-Assad says possible Russia and United States cooperation positive for Syria
Suicide bomber kills at least 20 at Afghan Supreme Court in Kabul
Isis-linked hackers attack NHS (National Health Service) websites to show gruesome images from Syrian civil war - The hacks 'appear to be deliberately targeted at the British public institution
South Sudan president says soldiers who rape should be shot
Four of Iceland's main volcanoes all preparing for eruption
Scotland rejects triggering Brexit in non-binding vote
Tiny Frog Last Seen In 1962 Found In The Mountains Of Zimbabwe
Ministry of Finance predicts Russias debt to increase to 15.7 percent of GDP
Romanian government survives no-confidence motion over graft debacle
Canadian military to become first in world to issue guidelines on child soldiers
EU, US Experts Oversee Vetting of Albania's Judiciary
French election race marred by gay affair rumours
Saudi Arabia deports 39,000 Pakistanis in 4 months: report
The Philippine Government has declared an all-out war against New People's Army (Communist Party of the Philippines)
Israel offered prisoner exchange to Hamas through intermediaries
Schiphol Amsterdam first to use facial recognition instead of passport
Justin Trudeaus Family Vacation on Aga Khans Island Leads to Ethics Inquiry
Biggest UK abortion provider to turn away Irish women
Saudi man arrested before setting himself alight in Mecca
Donald Trump should not be allowed to speak in Westminster Hall, says Speaker
Holocaust survivor Chaim Ferster, who faced eight Nazi death camps, dies
Australia has the highest paid Postmaster General (Post office CEO) - AU$5.6M
Assad says family do not own Syria, ready to be voted out
Female genital mutilation falls sharply in Iraq's Kurdish region. "We're quite certain that we can eradicate FGM in one generation if efforts continue".
Social care fund 'fails to reduce pressure on hospital beds'
Manila fire destroys homes of 15,000 shantytown residents
Romanian government survives no-confidence motion over graft debacle
Britons oppose UK arms sales to Saudi Arabia
Political scandal overshadows South Korea 2018 Olympic prep
China opposes deployment of U.S. stealth ship in South Korea
Senator Manny "Pacman" Pacquiao: "Drug traffickers deserve death penalty"
Mexicans back president's Trump snub despite mounting disapproval
Canada raises alert on fraudulent Chinese visas
Understanding Frexit: Investors are Worried about French Exit from EU
Longest Flight Links Qatar-Auckland in Latest Endurance Test
ISIS Claims Kabul Suicide Attack That Killed At Least 20
Joyous Africans Take to the Rails, With China's Help
Brain surgeon sues airline after jamming finger in table tray
Lukashenko: Russia frightened that Belarus will go towards West
Russian Library Cancels Harry Potter Quiz Over Concerns About Dangerous Potions
President Rodrigo Duterte to send rogue cops to violence-plagued south Philippines
Brexit bill set for final vote in House of Commons
Saudi Arabia plans to raise military spending by 6.7% in 2017
Sydney University under fire for vet scholarship giving preference to males
German police evacuate school near Leipzig, search for explosives
Saudi Arabia steps up crackdown on human rights activists, watchdog claims
Wife of Russian opposition activist says hes been poisoned
India ISROs to launch 104 satellites next week, 88 will be from U.S. Only three of them are Indian satellites.
U. S. Army grants easement for Dakota Access Pipeline: court filing
Bipartisan US Lawmakers Urge Trump to Sanction Venezuela
Commission: Russian propaganda focused on denigrating Merkel
Greenland Ice Sheet Melting 600 Percent Faster Than Predicted by Current Models
Australia Post boss paid 10 times more than PM
ISIS in Mosul: Daesh religious police Al-Khansa 'biting women to death with metal jaws'
Russia to deliver 10 Su-35 fighter jets to China this year
Macedonia 'Should be Divided between Kosovo, Bulgaria' - US Official
And just like that, China becomes the world's largest solar power producer - "(China) will be pouring some $364 billion into renewable power generation by the end of the decade."
After expos of flaws in assault investigations, police forces across Canada begin to audit recent cases
Chinese judge labels Trump 'public enemy of the rule of law'
Station chaos Several injured in train incident at east London station.
Reports Reveal Beijing To Cut Coal Use By 30% In 2017
EU foreign policy chief: Israel's land-grab law entrenches one-state reality of unequal rights
US appeals court upholds suspension of Trump travel ban
Far-right German politician convicted for refugee shelter arson - BBC News
The Trump Organization is returning to a long-dormant licensing deal involving a beachfront luxury resort in the Dominican Republic, testing the limits of Donald Trump's pledge to halt new international Trump-branded projects during his presidency.
Russian air strike kills Turkey soldiers - President Putin apologises after Russian air strike accidentally kills three Turkish soldiers in Syria, Turkey says
Wikipedia bans the Daily Mail as a source for being 'unreliable'
Canadian man battling schizophrenia missing since 2012 believed to have walked from Ontario to Brazil. Found wandering the rainforest 5 years after he disappeared.
China sends Trump 'high praise' after letter to Xi seeking 'constructive' relationship
Radiation levels discovered at crippled Fukushima plant too high for robot
Russia's Putin has not been invited to G7 summit - Italy
Brexit four times worse for UK economy than previously thought, say MIT economists
Trump promises Chinese president he'll honor 'One China' policy - President Trump told Chinese President Xi Jinping Thursday night that he will honor the One China policy that recognizes Beijing as the only legitimate Chinese government.
Eight countries sign up to counter Trump's global anti-abortion move
Julian Assange will be evicted from Ecuadorian embassy, presidential hopeful says
Over 300 whales die in mass stranding in New Zealand.
China to take fingerprints of all foreign travellers entering country.
Syrias Assad tells Yahoo News some refugees are 'definitely' terrorists
Russia calls Romania a 'clear threat' and Nato outpost for hosting US missile shield
Human Slaughterhouse: Amnesty International Says Up to 13,000 Hanged at Syrian Prison. Prisoners routinely beaten and forced to rape one another.
In his first call as president with Russian leader Vladimir Putin, Donald Trump denounced a treaty that caps U.S. and Russian deployment of nuclear warheads as a bad deal for the United States, according to two U.S. officials and one former U.S. official with knowledge of the call
More than 100 people have been reported killed, with schools, businesses closed and public transportation at a standstill, as a six-day strike by police in the Brazilian state shows no signs of abating.
This is not a Christian gesture: Pope Francis denounces walls while praising immigrants
Major evacuations in train stations across Sweden after multiple bomb threats
Peru's government proposes to legalise medical marijuana
US President Trump says he will respect one China policy in a phone call with China's president Xi Jinping
Explosion at Flamanville nuclear power plant, local media report